



                      Catalog of Copyright Entries

                             _Third Series_


                                                          ISSN 0090–8371

              Catalog of Copyright Entries: _Third Series_

                    Volume 28, Parts 12–13, Number 1




                            Motion Pictures

                              January-June
                                  1974

[Illustration: ★ THE ★ LIBRARY ★ OF ★ CONGRESS ★]

               COPYRIGHT OFFICE · THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
                            WASHINGTON: 1974




  Library of Congress card no. 6–35347.

  This number identifies the Library of Congress printed card for the
  complete series of the _Catalog of Copyright Entries_.

  ISSN 0090–8371 Key title: Catalog of copyright entries. Third series.
  Parts 12–13. Motion pictures.

  For sale by the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government Printing
  Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Price of this part is given on page
  vi.




                                Preface


The CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES is published by authority of sections
210 and 211 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_. Section 210
provides in part: “The current catalog of copyright entries and the
index volumes herein provided for shall be admitted in any court as
prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein as regards any
copyright registration.”

Orders, payable in advance, for all parts of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_ should be sent to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S.
Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Orders may be placed
for individual issues, as subscriptions for one or more parts, or for
the complete _Catalog_, for periods of one, two, or three years. All
orders should state clearly the title and the inclusive dates of the
part wanted; checks or money orders should be made payable to the
Superintendent of Documents.

The Copyright Office welcomes inquiries, suggestions, and comments on
the content and organization of the _Catalog_. Such communications
should be addressed to the Chief of the Cataloging Division, Copyright
Office, Library of Congress, Washington D.C. 20559.

The record of each copyright registration listed in the _Catalog_
includes a description of the work copyrighted and data relating to the
copyright claim (the name of the copyright claimant as given in the
application for registration, the copyright date, the copyright
registration number, etc.). For each registration listed, except for
renewals, there has been deposited a copy or copies of the work in
accordance with the provisions contained in sections 12, 13, 14, or 215
of Title 17 of the _United States Code_.

Each part listed in the following table records registrations in the
class or classes indicated by the alphabetical symbols. The second and
third letters, if any, that follow the initial letter are added by the
Copyright Office for the purpose of statistical analysis. Their
significance is as follows:

 F  Published foreign works. In the case of books and periodicals, it
      designates works manufactured outside the United States (except
      those registered for ad interim copyright). In all other classes
      to which it applies, it designates works first published outside
      the United States, the authors of which are neither citizens nor
      domiciliaries of the United States. (AF, EF)

 I  Books and periodicals registered for ad interim copyright. (AI, BI)

 O  Published works of foreign origin registered under the waiver-of-fee
      provision (section 215 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_).
      (BIO, GFO)

 P  Domestic published works in classes for which registration is
      possible for either published or unpublished works. (EP, JP)

 U  Unpublished works in classes for which registration is possible for
      either published or unpublished works. (DU, EU)




                                                              _Price per
                                                              semiannual
                                                                issue_

   Part 1    Books and Pamphlets, Including Serials and
               Contributions to Periodicals                       $10.00

      A      Books

     BB      Contributions to periodicals

      R      Renewal registrations


   Part 2    Periodicals       (Annual issue)                       6.00

      B      Periodicals

      R      Renewal registrations


  Parts 3–4  Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral Delivery            3.00

      C      Lectures and other works prepared for oral
               delivery

      D      Dramatic or dramatico-musical works

      R      Renewal registrations


   Part 5    Music                                                 10.00

                       E      Musical compositions
                      R      Renewal registrations


   Part 6    Maps and Atlases                                       3.00

      F      Maps

      R      Renewal registrations


 Parts 7–11A Works of Art, Reproductions of Works of Art,
               Scientific and Technical Drawings,
               Photographic Works, Prints and Pictorial
               Illustrations                                       $3.00

      G      Works of art and models or designs for works of
               art

      H      Reproductions of works of art

      I      Drawings or sculptural works of a scientific or
               technical character

      J      Photographs

      K      Prints and pictorial illustrations

      R      Renewal registrations


  Part 11B   Commercial Prints and Labels          (Annual
               issue)                                               5.00

     KK      Commercial prints and labels

      R      Renewal registrations


 Parts 12–13 Motion Pictures                                        3.00

      L      Motion-picture photoplays

      M      Motion pictures other than photoplays

      R      Renewal registrations


   Part 14   Sound recordings                                       5.00

      N      Sound recordings

  Subscription price: Complete _Catalog_ for the year $75.00; $18.75
  additional for foreign mailing. Orders, accompanied by remittances,
  should be addressed to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S.
  Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402.




                           Table of Contents


                                             Page
                       Index                    1
                       Current Registrations   35
                       Renewal Registrations   81




                              Introduction


Parts 12–13 list all registrations made in classes L and M for the
period covered by this issue. An index of names and titles associated
with the work is followed by the main entries, listed in order by
registration number. Filing of the index is letter by letter, except in
the case of inverted names which are filed up to the comma or
parenthesis, after which letter by letter filing is resumed.

The main entries include, when applicable, the following information
derived from the work and application.

   1) Title, followed by subtitle and/or descriptive statements. The
        authorship of the work is included in this statement, with the
        nature of authorship (if available).

   2) Edition statement.

   3) Country of publication for works registered as foreign or as ad
        interim works.

   4) Label name and number for registered sound recordings.

   5) Physical description of the deposit.

   6) Series statement.

   7) Additional titles associated with the registered work such as
        variant titles, alternative titles, translated titles, etc.

   8) Notes; information is given here which serves to supplement the
        data that is given elsewhere in the entry in order to describe a
        work more accurately or identify it more explicitly.

   9) Statement that the registered work is published in or as part of
        another work, or is bound with another independent work.

  10) Names of authors given in the application which do not appear
        elsewhere in the entry.

  11) Statement of those materials contained in the registered work on
        which copyright is not claimed, when so stated in the
        application.

  12) Information contained in the application which relates to the
        registration of an earlier version of the work.

  13) Brief statement of the new matter on which copyright is claimed
        when so stated in the application.

  14) Copyright symbol © or Ⓟ.

  15) A statement of limitation of claim if the application or notice on
        the work explicitly limits the claim.

  16) Name of the copyright claimant.

  17) Date of publication for published works; for unpublished works the
        date on which the last of all items required to complete
        registration

      was received in the Copyright Office.

  18) Registration number.

For published works, whenever it is necessary to indicate a variation
between the information given in the application and in the copy of the
work with respect to the claimant’s name or the date of publication, the
data from the application is given first, followed by the phrase “in
notice” and the data given in the work; e.g., © John Doe; 11Jan74 (in
notice: 1973).

For renewal registrations the original date of publication and
registration number precede the name of the claimant of the renewal
registration. Following the name of the renewal claimant is a statement
in parentheses, usually abbreviated, giving the basis of the renewal
claim as supplied by the application; e.g., “John Doe (A)” indicates
that John Doe has made renewal claim as author.

Works deposited in connection with current copyright registrations may
be selected for inclusion in the collections of the Library of Congress.
Library of Congress printed cards are available for many of the
published works so selected. Orders for such cards or inquiries
concerning them should be addressed to the Card Division, Building No.
159, Navy Yard Annex, Washington, D.C. 20541.




                    Registrations January-June 1974


 Class L—  Domestic published motion-picture photoplays              704

           Foreign published motion-picture photoplays                34

           Unpublished motion-picture photoplays                      11

 Class M—  Domestic published motion pictures other than
             photoplays                                              777

           Unpublished motion pictures other than photoplays         155

                                                                   —————

                             Total                                 1,681

 Renewals: Classes L and M                                           532

These figures represent the number of registrations for motion pictures
for January-June 1974, but do not necessarily represent the exact number
of entries in this issue of the _Catalog of Copyright Entries_.
Registration figures for other classes of material may be found in the
respective parts.




                       Abbreviations and Symbols


The following list includes abbreviations and symbols used in this
catalog with specific copyright or bibliographic meanings.

 (A)               author(s)

 a.a.d.o.          accepted alternative designation of

 a.k.a.            also known as

 acc.              accompaniment

 Adm.c.t.a.        Administrator(s) cum testamento annexo

 Adm.d.b.n.c.t.a.  Administrator(s) de bonis non cum testamento annexo

 appl.             application

 approx.           approximate, approximately

 arr.              arranged, arrangement, arranged by

 Aufl.             Auflage

 augm.             augmented

 Ausg.             Ausgabe

 b&w               black and white

 Bd.               Band (German)

 bearb.            bearbeitet

 ©                 copyright symbol

 (C)               child or children of the deceased author

 ca.               circa

 chap.             chapter(s)

 col.              colored

 comp.             compiler

 d.b.a.            doing business as

 (E)               executor(s) of the author

 ed.               edition, editor

 enl.              enlarged

 fr.               frames

 ft.               feet

 hrsg.             herausgegeben

 illus.            illustration(s)

 m                 music, music by

 min.              minutes

 mm.               millimeters

 (NK)              next of kin of the deceased author

 NM                new matter

 no.               number(s)

 nouv.             nouveau, nouvelle

 op.               opus

 p.                page(s)

 (PCB)             proprietor of copyright in a work copyrighted by a
                     corporate body otherwise than as assignee or
                     licensee of the individual author

 (PCW)             proprietor of copyright in a composite work

 (PPW)             proprietor of copyright in a posthumous work

 (PWH)             proprietor of copyright in a work made for hire

 prev.             previous, previously

 print.            printing

 priv. print.      privately printed

 pseud.            pseudonym

 pt.               part, parts

 pty.              proprietary

 pub.              published, publishing

 R, (R)            renewal registration

 reg.              registered, registration

 rev.              revised

 sd.               sound

 sec.              seconds

 ser.              series

 si.               silent

 suppl.            supplement

 t.                tome, tomo

 T., Th.           Teil, Theil

 t.a.              trading as

 t.p.              title page

 tr.               translator

 v., vol.          volume, volumes

 w                 words, words by

 (W)               widow of the author

 (Wr)              widower of the author




                                 INDEX


An index of distinctive titles and names given in the entries listed in
the current and renewal sections of this issue. Below each index term is
the registration number under which the main entry is to be found.
References from varying forms of names are interfiled.


                                   A

 ABBA Productions.
   LP43128.
   MP24803.
   MP24804.

 ABC Pictures Corporation.
   LP43575.
   LP43606.

 A, B, C’s and D’s of portable fire extinguishers.
   MP24900.

 Abdomen in adults.
   MP25265.

 Abdomen in infants and children.
   MP25266.

 Abduction of Bayard Barnes.
   LP43498.

 Abie’s Irish rose.
   R566189.

 Abnormal mitosis in plant cells.
   MP25311.

 About.
   MP24741.
   MP24863 - MP24867.

 About astronauts.
   MP24864.

 About candy.
   MP24863.

 About cats.
   MP24867.

 About dogs.
   MP24866.

 About horses.
   MP24865.

 About my father’s business.
   MU8969.

 About zoos.
   MP24741.

 Abusement park.
   R576594.

 Academy Pictures Corporation.
   LP43206.

 Accident investigation, 3.
   MP25419.

 Accident prevention.
   MP25122.

 Accomplice.
   R569736.

 Accounting for manufacturing costs.
   MP25455.

 Accrual basis accounting.
   MP25452.

 Accused.
   LP43598.

 Ace Eli and Rodger of the skies.
   LP43204.

 Aches and snakes.
   LP43137.

 Across the Great Divide.
   R568016.

 Acting.
   MP25420.

 Adam’s rib.
   LP43214 - LP43225.

 Adam 12.
   LP43375 - LP43380.
   LP43413 - LP43417.
   LP43442 - LP43454.

 Adam 12 Productions.
   LP43375 - LP43380.
   LP43413 - LP43417.
   LP43442 - LP43454.

 Adding machine.
   LP43549.

 Advanced microscopy.
   MP25298.

 Adventure above the Arctic Circle.
   MP24857.

 Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
   MP25284.

 Adversaries.
   LP43306.

 Aetna Life and Casualty.
   MP24903.
   MP25280.
   MP25337.
   MP25435.

 African odyssey: The Red bicycle.
   LP43054.

 African odyssey: The Two worlds of Musembe.
   LP43053.

 AFT Distributing Corporation.
   LP42933 - LP42935.

 Age of the sun.
   MP25487.

 Aims Instructional Media Services, Inc.
   MP25420.

 Airdrop.
   LP43451.

 Airing in a closed carriage.
   LF151.

 Aladdin’s lamp.
   R579971.

 Alarming problem.
   MP24734.

 Albatross.
   LP43336.

 Albee, Edward.
   LP42933.

 Albert, Marvin.
   LP42977.
   LP42978.
   MP24909.

 Albert (Marvin) Films.
   LP42977.
   LP42978.
   MP24909.

 Albert, Marvin H.
   LP43602.

 Alberto Culver Company.
   MU8906.
   MU8941.
   MU8942.
   MU9004.
   MU9009.

 ALC coding techniques for virtual storage.
   MP25019.

 Alcoholism: industry’s costly hangover.
   MP25280.

 Alexander, Cris.
   MU9011.

 Alfra.
   LP43272 - LP43274.
   LP43284 - LP43306.
   LP43319.
   LP43321 - LP43343.
   LP43471 - LP43494.
   LP43578 - LP43601.

 Alias Mister Twilight.
   R567585.

 All about Andrea.
   LP43426.

 All American boy.
   LP43119.

 Allergy.
   MP25121.

 All honorable men.
   LP43428.

 Allied Artists Pictures Corporation.
   R569472 - R569477.
   R572504 - R572506.
   R574060 - R574061.
   R577411 - R577416.
   R578395 - R578396.
   R579842 - R579843.

 Alligators.
   LP43545.

 All the scared rabbits.
   LP43008.

 Alone in my lobster boat.
   LP43316.

 Alpen barn.
   MP25490.

 Alpen sun up.
   MP25491.

 Alter, Robert Edmond.
   LP43612.

 Altschul, Gilbert.
   MP24988.

 Altschul (Gilbert) Productions, Inc.
   MP24883.
   MP24884.
   MP24988.

 AMA health counseling program.
   LP43307.

 Amanda Fallon.
   LP43104.

 Ambassador College, Pasadena.
   MP24724 - MP24731.
   MP24797 - MP24798.
   MP24809 - MP24827.
   MP24887.
   MP24992 - MP25012.
   MP25147 - MP25153.
   MP25206 - MP25213.
   MP25248 - MP25253.
   MP25283.
   MP25495.
   MP25496.
   MP25498.
   MP25499.
   MP25500.

 America and the world.
   MP25107.

 American Academy of Family Physicians.
   LP43374.
   LP43396 - LP43398.
   LP43418 - LP43423.
   LP43455 - LP43468.

 American Association of Blood Banks.
   MP25279.

 American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.
   R578231.
   R578232.
   R578233.

 American Broadcasting Company Television Network.
   LP43234 - LP43257.

 American cop.
   MP25411.

 American Express Films, Inc.
   LP42933.
   LP42934.
   LP42935.

 American Geological Institute.
   MP24838.

 American graffiti.
   LP43624.

 American Heart Association.
   MP25278.

 American Indian speaks.
   MP24836.

 American International Pictures, Inc.
   LP43346.
   LP43347.

 American Meteorological Society.
   LP43061.
   LP43062.

 American National Red Cross.
   MP25279.

 American National Red Cross. Los Angeles Chapter.
   MP24847.

 American Oil Company.
   MP25472.

 American people in World War 2.
   MP24893.

 American Place Theatre.
   LP43138.

 American Revolution: The Cause of liberty.
   LP43064.

 American Revolution: The Impossible war.
   LP43063.

 American sports album.
   R573503.

 Amicus Productions, Ltd.
   LF157.

 Amies, Eric T. SEE ETA Productions.

 Amoco Oil Company.
   MP25472.

 Anaerobic infections.
   LP43613.

 Anatomical basis of brain function.
   MU9008.
   MU9014.

 Anatomy of a 415.
   LP43415.

 Anatomy of the human eye.
   MU8903 - MU8904.

 Ancient civilizations.
   MP25461.

 Andersen (Arthur) and Company.
   MP25449 - MP25456.

 Anderson, Edward.
   LP43311.

 Andy plays hookey.
   R567589.

 Anna and the King of Siam.
   R568004.

 Annalisa.
   LP42963.

 Another shell game.
   LP43427.

 Answer man series.
   R574038.

 Anterior adnexa.
   MU8903.

 Anton, Stan.
   MP24830.

 Anything we can do, we can do better.
   MP25448.

 Apemen of Africa.
   MP24745.

 Apjac International.
   LP43205.

 Appalachian heritage.
   MP24882.

 Apple a day.
   LP43044.

 Applications.
   MP24952.

 Applications program interface.
   MP25128.

 Approach to growth: awareness training.
   MP25164.

 Approach with care.
   LP43035.

 April showers.
   MP25041.

 Aptos Film Productions, Inc.
   MU9012.

 Aquarien.
   MP25382.

 Aquila Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF132.
   LF136.
   LF147.

 Arena Leda.
   LP42941.

 Are we still going to the movies.
   MP25467.

 Arnaud, Sara.
   MP25330 - MP25335.

 Arnelo affair.
   R570212.

 Arnold Productions, Inc.
   R573324.

 Aron and Falcone, Inc.
   MP25355.

 Around the world in California.
   R577598.

 Arrest, seize.
   LP42973.

 Arrow magic.
   R573501.

 Arsenal Family and Children’s Center, University of Pittsburgh. SEE
    University of Pittsburgh. Arsenal Family and Children’s Center.

 Artists Entertainment Complex, Inc.
   LP43047.

 Ash Wednesday.
   LP42937.

 Assailant.
   LP43590.

 Assault on Gavaloni.
   LP43497.

 Assembling a puppet.
   MP24757.

 Assign card and assign command.
   MP25348.

 Assignment: Munich.
   LP43211.

 Assignment: Vienna.
   LP42950 - LP42952.
   LP42963 - LP42967.

 As the animator sees us.
   LP43071.
   LP43072.

 As the tumbleweed turns.
   LP43495.

 Asylum.
   LF157.

 AT and T.
   MP25471.

 Athletiquiz.
   R567067.

 Atlantis Productions, Inc.
   MP24738.

 Atomic power.
   MP25407.

 Atomic structure of matter.
   MP25179.

 Audio Visual Productions, Inc.
   LP43067.
   LP43068.

 Audit.
   LP43176.

 Australia: down under and outback.
   MP25217.

 Automobiles.
   LP43526.

 Autumn in the forest.
   MP24790.

 Avant Association of Voluntary Agencies on Narcotics Treatment, Inc.
   LP43574.

 Avco Broadcasting Corporation.
   MP24878 - MP24882.

 AV Corporation. Teaching Films, Inc.
   MU8903 - MU8904.
   MU8998 - MU9003.
   MU9008.
   MU9014.

 Awakening.
   LP43326.


                                   B

 Baar, Tim.
   MP25420.

 Baby in the tree.
   LP43056.

 Baby soft.
   MP25385.

 Bachelor’s daughters.
   R577971.

 Backlash.
   R568013.

 Badge heavy.
   LP43445.

 Bad Lord Byron.
   LF140.

 Baggies, Marleene Haggie, Baggies way, golf ’74 ABC.
   MP25492.

 Baggies, Marlene Haggie, Baggies way golf ’74.
   MP25424.

 Baggs.
   MP24829.

 Bagley, Desmond.
   LP42953.

 Bailey, Duane W.
   MP25051 - MP25057.

 Bajer, Andrew S.
   MP25297.
   MP25301 - MP25302.
   MP25305 - MP25306.
   MP25308 - MP25311.

 Bajer, J. Mole. SEE Mole Bajer, J.

 Baker, J. Edwin.
   LU3667.

 Baker, Louise.
   LP43213.

 Ball (Lucille) Productions, Inc.
   LP43500 - LP43523.
   LP43550 - LP43573.

 Ball bearings.
   MP24927.

 Ball game.
   MP25111.

 Ballis, Socrates.
   LU3666.

 Bangkok.
   MP24870.

 Banjo.
   R575634.

 Bank robber.
   LP43609.

 Barefoot stewardess caper.
   LP43394.

 Baring, Aubrey.
   LF143.

 Barn.
   MP25490.

 Baseball Bugs.
   R567282.

 Basic door and body adjustments.
   MP25142.

 Basic laboratory safety.
   MP25459.

 Basic principles of continuous flow gas lift.
   MU8999 - MU9003.

 Basic psychology.
   MP25336.

 Basic telecommunications access method.
   MP24953.

 Bass, U. S. A.
   MP24860.

 Batjac.
   LP42957.

 Batjac Productions, Inc.
   LP43470.

 Battle for the planet of the apes.
   LP43205.

 Battle of champs.
   R567285.

 Battle of Lily Wu.
   LP43298.

 Battle of the warriors.
   R578427.

 Baylor College of Medicine, Houston.
   MU8903.
   MU8904.

 Baylor College of Medicine, Houston.
   Medical Illustration and Audiovisual Education.
   MU8903.

 Bay State Film Productions, Inc.
   MP24900.

 Bay State Productions, Inc.
   MP25398.

 Beanstalk Jack.
   R572114.

 Bears fishing for salmon.
   MP24768.

 Beast.
   LP43375.

 Beast with five fingers.
   R571691.

 Beat the band.
   R575631.

 Beautiful Bali.
   R567290.

 Beauty and the bandit.
   R577412.

 Bedelia.
   LF124.
   R570574.
   R575036.

 Bedouins of Arabia.
   MP24877.

 Beginning or the end.
   R568696.

 Behavior of unicells.
   MP25309.

 Behind the mike.
   R572344.

 Bejart: spring 1972.
   MU8936.

 Believers.
   LP43256.

 Below the deadline.
   R569476.

 Bendix employee orientation program.
   MU8908.

 Bendix Home Systems, Inc.
   MU8908.

 Beneficial Corporation.
   MP24907.

 Ben Franklin.
   LP43525.

 Bennett, Arnold.
   LF135.

 Bennett, David R.
   MU8911.

 Bernhard, Harvey.
   LP43356.

 Bernie Casey: black artist.
   MP24904.

 Best in show.
   R567593.

 Best laid plans.
   LP43429.

 Best shave ahead.
   MP25050.

 Best years of our lives.
   R574865.
   R574866.

 Betrayed.
   LP43485.

 Better life through electricity.
   MP24739.

 Betty White guarantee.
   MP25323.

 Between dark and daylight.
   LP43293.

 Between two fires.
   LP43474.

 Beverage and Breakfast Foods Division of General Foods Corporation. SEE
    General Foods Corporation. Beverage and Breakfast Foods Division.

 Beware of pity.
   LF127.
   R574816.

 Bible: a literary heritage.
   LP43086.

 Bicycle built for you.
   MU9012.

 Bicycle safely.
   MP25063.

 Big and small.
   MP25392.

 Big beef at the O. K. Corral.
   LP43636.

 Big cats.
   MP25482.

 Big dig.
   MP24939.

 Big game.
   LP43513.

 Big growl.
   LP43629.

 Big house blues.
   R577571.

 Big Jake.
   LP43470.

 Big wash.
   R578551.

 Billy Jack.
   LP43345.

 Billy Two Hats.
   LP43310.

 Biology today.
   MP25430.

 Bird predators of the mountain water world.
   MP24792.

 Birth of a nation.
   LP43201.

 Birth of a notion.
   R576597.

 Bison.
   MU8911.

 Black pirate.
   LP43608.

 Blake, Robert R.
   MP25291.
   MP25292.

 Blatty, William Peter.
   LP42969.

 Blaze of noon.
   R574034.

 Blessings of liberty.
   LP42994.

 Blind goddess.
   LF152.

 Blind spot.
   R572330.

 Blonde for a day.
   R569728.

 Blondie knows best.
   R567675.

 Blondie’s big moment.
   R575614.

 Blondie’s holiday.
   R575615.

 Blood feud.
   LP43280.

 Blood line.
   LP43329.

 Blue Christmas.
   MP25097.

 Blue Racer series.
   LP43130.
   LP43137.

 Blue skies.
   R574028.

 Blume in love.
   LP42955.

 BNA Communications, Inc.
   MP25013.
   MP25135.
   MP25136.
   MP25291.
   MP25292.

 Bobby Riggs.
   MP25125.

 Bobcat hunting.
   MP24782.

 Bobcat: mother and cubs.
   MP24783.

 Bobwin Associates, Inc.
   LP42942.
   LP42943.

 Body English — elementary.
   MP25366.

 Bold ones.
   LP43103 - LP43104.
   LP43106 - LP43117.
   LP43188.

 Boltons Trading Corporation.
   LP43608.

 Boot.
   LP43404.

 Bootle Beetle.
   R577487.

 Bootleggers.
   LP43576.

 Borden, Dick.
   MP25166.

 Born to kill.
   R575635.

 Boston Blackie and the law.
   R567580.

 Botulism.
   LP43178.

 Boulevard Communication Group, Inc.
   MU8892.

 Boulle, Pierre.
   LP43205.

 Bowery bombshell.
   R569473.

 Bow Wow Boutique.
   LP43515.

 Box, Sidney.
   LF139.
   LF140.

 Boy and his dog.
   R576593.

 Boyd, Grace Bradley.
   R573666.
   R573667.
   R575365.
   R578418.

 Boyd, William L.
   R573666.
   R573667.
   R575365.
   R578418.

 Boy of Quebec.
   MP25203.

 Boy Scouts of America, North Brunswick, NJ.
   MP24982.

 Brakes and clutches.
   MP25274.

 Brakhage, Stan.
   MP25380 - MP25384.

 Brasher doubloon.
   R573495.

 Bread and wine.
   MP24901.

 Breaking of the habit.
   LP43045.

 Breezy.
   LP43605.

 Brekke, Paul.
   MP25434.

 Brener, Michel.
   MU8896 - MU8901.

 Bride and gloom.
   R577563.

 Brigham Young University, Provo, UT.
   LP42982.
   MP24897 - MP24899.

 Brigham Young University, Provo, UT. Motion Picture Department.
   LP42982.
   MP24897 - MP24899.

 Bringing up father.
   R577413.

 Brink of doom.
   LP43587.

 Broken gun.
   LP43625.

 Bronco babes.
   R578363.

 Brooklyn Botanic Garden.
   MP25416.

 Brothers.
   R578285.

 Brother Sun, Sister Moon.
   LP42961.

 Brouillet, Frank R.
   MP25429.

 Brown, David.
   LP43102.

 Brown wolf.
   LP43090.

 Broyles, Allebaugh and Davis, Inc.
   MP25202.

 Brushfire.
   LP43180.

 Brush with death.
   LP43473.

 Brute man.
   R569739.

 Buck privates come home.
   R574037.

 Buffalo Bill rides again.
   R572753.

 Bulldog Drummond at bay.
   B578531.

 Bullfighting.
   LP43541.

 Bullfrogs protecting territory.
   MP24778.

 Bulo Productions, Inc.
   LP43617.

 Burke Museum.
   LP42981.

 Business and office.
   LP42946.

 Business man’s lunch.
   MP24929.

 Busting.
   LP43134.

 But Jack was a good driver.
   MP25464.

 Butterfly.
   LP43128.

 By Hoot or by crook.
   LP43635.


                                   C

 Cadre Films.
   MP25181.

 Cahill, United States Marshal.
   LP42957.

 Calculus in motion.
   MP24732.
   MP25051 - MP25057.

 Calcutta.
   R578390.

 Calendar.
   LF150.

 California.
   R574031.

 California gold rush.
   MP25421.

 Caller.
   LP43401.

 Calling on Costa Rica.
   R572097.

 Camaro versus competition.
   MU8944.

 Camel.
   MP24755.

 Camera, action, murder.
   LP43435.

 Camino.
   MU8945.

 Camouflage beneath the sea.
   MP24776.

 Campus, Steve.
   MP25165.

 Campus (Steve) Productions, Inc.
   MP25165.
   MP25330 - MP25335.

 Cana Media, Inc.
   MU9016.

 Cancel my reservation.
   LP43625.

 Candidate for murder.
   LP43270.

 Candy and Dick.
   MP24851.

 Caprice Classic versus LTD Brougham.
   MU8949.

 Caprice Estate versus Country Squire.
   MU8946.

 Capricorn murders.
   LP43271.

 Captive.
   LP43255.

 Carbon dioxide: Preparation.
   MP24975.

 Cardboard cavalier.
   LF153.

 Care is no cure.
   LP43287.

 Carnival.
   LF129.
   R574819.

 Carnow, Lawrence Edward.
   LP42983.

 Carolyn Lois White’s preschool years at home: 1969 - 1973.
   MU8991.

 Carr, Clark.
   MP24829.

 Carters meet Frankie Avalon.
   LP43521.

 Casanova, Joseph.
   MP25299 - MP25300.
   MP25316 - MP25320.
   MP25398 - MP25399.

 Case of impotence.
   LP43188.

 Casey Productions, Ltd.
   LF125.

 Casler, Christopher G.
   MU8905.

 Caspary, Vera.
   LF124.

 Cassidy (Hopalong) Productions, Inc.
   R573666.
   R573667.
   R575365.
   R578418.

 Catalon Productions.
   MU9013.

 Catch a ring that isn’t there.
   LP43396.

 Cat concerto.
   R574264.

 Cate and McGlone Films.
   MP24737.

 Caterpillar.
   LP43050.
   MU8994.

 Cat fishin’.
   R570603.

 Catholic dilemma.
   MP25091.

 Cation analysis: Chromatography and ion exchange.
   MP25304.

 Cation analysis: Wet chemical methods.
   MP25303.

 Cats.
   LP43528.

 Cat trouble.
   R579973.

 Cause of liberty.
   LP43064.

 Cavern of chance.
   R577567.

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite.
   MU8862 - MU8891.
   MU8913 - MU8935.
   MU8953 - MU8967.
   MU8976 - MU8985.

 CBS News.
   LP43357 - LP43369.
   MP25084 - MP25107.

 CBS News special.
   MP25084.
   MP25086 - MP25100.
   MP25104 - MP25107.

 CBS Television Network.
   LP42947.
   LP42948.
   LP42949.
   LP43048.
   LP43049.

 Centennial summer.
   R567997.

 Center for Mass Communications of Columbia University Press. SEE
    Columbia University Press. Center for Mass Communications.

 Center for Southern Folklore.
   MP25277.

 Centron Corporation.
   MP25137.
   MP25138.
   MP25139.

 Centron Corporation, Inc.
   MP25064.
   MP25065.
   MP25113.
   MP25325.

 Centron Educational Films.
   MP25113.

 Cervantes (Paalo) Ltd., a subsidiary of Colgate Palmolive Company. SEE
    Colgate Palmolive Company. Paalo Cervantes, Ltd.

 Chain other than roller chain.
   MP24928.

 Challenge in the air.
   MP24938.

 Challenge of the mountains.
   MP25485.

 Challenge to Hollywood.
   R568206.

 Chamber theater — secondary.
   MP25377.

 Chandar, the black leopard of Ceylon.
   LP43193.
   LP43195.

 Chappaquiddick report.
   MP25089.

 Charade.
   LP43214 - LP43225.

 Charger / Coronet / Chevelle and Torino comparison.
   MP25033.

 Chariot.
   LP42958.

 Charley Varrick.
   LP43604.

 Charlie Barnet and his orchestra.
   R578386.

 Charlie gave me your number.
   LP43145.

 Charlie Spivak and his orchestra.
   R578385.

 Chartoff, Robert.
   LP43134.

 Chase of the onager.
   MP25440.

 Chaser.
   LP43452.

 Cheetah.
   LP42936.

 Chemical change.
   MP25222.

 Chemical hazards.
   MP25232.

 Chemical properties.
   MP25229.

 Chess game.
   LU3674.

 Chevelle versus competition.
   MU8948.

 Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation. SEE General
    Motors Corporation. Chevrolet Motor Division.

 Chevrolet trucks, 1974 pickup comparison.
   MU8947.

 Childbirth.
   MP24986.

 Child of divorce.
   R570312.

 Children of the fields.
   LP42942.

 Chinatown.
   LP43628.

 Chinese sunset.
   LP43040.

 Chlorine and the firefighter.
   MP25290.

 Chlorine Institute, Inc.
   MP25290.

 Choice.
   LP43324.

 Choice not chance - career development in New Jersey.
   MP25062.

 Choral reading — secondary.
   MP25371.

 Christian Science Board of Directors.
   MU8968.
   MU8969.
   MU8970.

 Christmas looking.
   LP43120.

 Chromatography and ion exchange.
   MP25304.

 Chrysler Corporation.
   MP25021 - MP25036.
   MP25140 - MP25146.
   MP25321 - MP25322.
   MP25400 - MP25401.

 Chrysler Newport versus Buick LeSabre and Olds 88.
   MP25022.

 CIBA Corporation. CIBA Pharmaceutical Company.
   MP25255 - MP25259.
   MP25265 - MP25267.

 CIBA Pharmaceutical Company, division of CIBA Corporation. SEE CIBA
    Corporation. CIBA Pharmaceutical Company.

 CIBA Pharmaceutical Products, Inc.
   MP25254.
   MP25260 - MP25264.
   MP25268.

 CICS applications programming.
   MP25127 - MP25131.

 Cigarette girl.
   R572327.

 Cinderella liberty.
   LP43260.

 Cine Film.
   LP43118.

 Cineguild.
   LF146.

 Cinema Center Films.
   LP43129.
   LP43370.

 Cinemasonics, Inc.
   MU8975.

 Cinevision, Ltee.
   LP42933.
   LP42934.
   LP42935.

 Cipher in the snow.
   LP42982.

 Circle of power.
   LP43334.

 Circus horse.
   R571696.

 Citizen’s arrest — 484.
   LP43380.

 City builders.
   MP25335.

 City University of New York. Board of Higher Education. SEE Queens
    College, Flushing, NY.

 Civilizations of ancient America.
   MP24744.

 Civil War: promise of reconstruction.
   LP43091.

 Civil War: the anguish of emancipation.
   LP43092.

 Clarion call.
   MU8968.

 Clash.
   LP43591.

 Claudia and David.
   R568000.

 Clean and quiet town.
   LP42993.

 Clearing timber on construction work.
   MP25329.

 Clear with a civilian.
   LP43376.
   LP43377.

 Cleaver, Bill.
   LP43371.

 Cleaver, Vera.
   LP43371.

 Clemens, Samuel Langhorne.
   MP25284.

 Cleopatra Jones.
   LP42954.

 Climates and seasons.
   MP25205.

 Clothing: a pair of blue jeans.
   LP43077.

 Clown of the jungle.
   R570686.

 CMC. SEE Columbia University Press. Center for Mass Communications.

 Coca-Cola Company.
   MP25166.

 Cockatoos for two.
   R572337.

 Code of the West.
   R575633.

 Coding classroom activities situations utilizing the teacher self
    appraisal observation system.
   MP25047.

 Coding classroom discussion situations utilizing the teacher self
    appraisal observation system.
   MP25045.

 Coding classroom introduction situations utilizing the teacher self
    appraisal observation system.
   MP25044.

 Coding classroom review situations utilizing the teacher self appraisal
    observation system.
   MP25046.

 Coffee planters near Kilimanjaro.
   MP24873.

 Cold, hard cash.
   LP43440.

 Colgate Palmolive Company.
   MP24842 - MP24843.
   MP24977 - MP24981.
   MP25041.
   MP25424.
   MP25426.
   MP25443.
   MP25490 - MP25493.

 Colgate Palmolive Company. Paalo Cervantes, Ltd.
   MP24910.

 Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
   LP42947 - LP42949.
   LP43048 - LP43049.
   LP43357 - LP43369.
   MP25084 - MP25107.
   MU8862 - MU8891.
   MU8913 - MU8935.
   MU8953 - MU8967.
   MU8976 - MU8985.

 Columbia Pictures Corporation.
   R567579 - R567593.
   R567675.
   R570066 - R570073.
   R570076 - R570080.
   R572325 - R572336.
   R572338.
   R572340 - R572344.
   R575614 - R575615.
   R577558 - R577569.
   R577572 - R577575.
   R578420 - R578431.
   R578896 - R578908.

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   LP43203.
   LP43356.
   R567579 - R567593.
   R570066 - R570080.
   R572325 - R572344.
   R577558 - R577575.
   R578420 - R578431.
   R578896 - R578908.

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Learning Company of America.
   LP43050 - LP43064.
   LP43067 - LP43098.
   LP43264.

 Columbia University Press. Center for Mass Communications.
   MP24896.

 Columbus and Isabella.
   LP43368.

 Combatants.
   LP43289.

 Come over to my house.
   LP42942 - LP42943.
   LP43312 - LP43317.

 Comet Productions, Inc.
   R568607.
   R568608.

 Commonwealth Film Unit of Australia.
   MP24875.

 Communicable diseases.
   MP25262.

 Communications Foundation, Inc.
   LP43574.

 Community sing.
   R567590.
   R570077.
   R572341.
   R577573.
   R578421.
   R578907.

 Compact truck features and comparison.
   MP25021.

 Concavity and points of inflection.
   MP25054.

 Concept Films.
   MP24841.

 Concept instancing of role enactment.
   MP25332.

 Concrete evidence.
   LP43021.

 Concrete finishing.
   MP25171.

 Condemned.
   LP43482.

 Condition: red.
   LP43244.

 Coney Island eats.
   MU8951.

 Confession.
   LP43328.

 Conflict.
   LP43327.

 Conflict and awareness: a film series on human values.
   MP25463 - MP25470.

 Conformation in ring compounds.
   MP25299.

 Conformations of cyclohexane.
   MP25319.

 Conqueror Films, Inc.
   LU3666.

 Conrack.
   LP43373.

 Conroy, Pat.
   LP43373.

 Conscience.
   LP43524.

 Conspiracy.
   LP43341.

 Conspiracy of silence.
   LP43006.

 Consultants Associated, Inc.
   MP24959 - MP24967.
   MP25182 - MP25201.
   MP25436.

 Consumers Power Company.
   LP43126.
   MP24938.
   MP24939.

 Controllers’ functions and general accounting.
   MP25453.

 Controlling absenteeism.
   MP25013.

 Convention.
   LP43610.

 Conversation.
   LP43355.

 Conversation with President Tito.
   MP25084.

 Conveyors.
   MP24925.

 Coo coo bird.
   R578374.

 Cook’s tour.
   LP43179.

 Cool million.
   LP43496 - LP43499.

 Cop killer.
   LP43268.

 Coppola Company.
   LP43624.

 Copy function-CORGZ.
   MP25349.

 Coralee.
   LP43002.

 Corfield (John) Productions, Ltd.
   LF124.

 Cork from Portugal.
   MP24872.

 Cornwell, Bruce.
   MP24732.
   MP25051 - MP25057.

 Cornwell, Katherine.
   MP24732.
   MP25051 - MP25057.

 Coronet Films.
   MP25388.

 Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc. SEE
    Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Materials.

 Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. SEE Esquire,
    Inc. Coronet Instructional Media.

 Correct way of correcting.
   LP42960.

 Correspondents report.
   MP25107.

 Corrupted.
   LP43330.

 Corsair Films, Inc.
   LP43190.

 Cosmic annihilator.
   R578425.

 Cost, volume, profit relationships.
   MP25456.

 Counseling skills evaluation.
   MP25425.

 Countdown.
   LP43434.
   LP43581.

 Counterattack.
   LP43235.

 Couplings.
   MP24924.

 Court and a free press.
   MP25086.

 Court martial of William Calley.
   MP25092.

 Coyote country.
   MP24858.

 Coyote den and pups.
   MP24772.

 Coyote pups growing up.
   MP24773.

 Coyotes and man.
   MP24794.

 Coyotes escape from man.
   MP24770.

 Coyotes hunting.
   MP24771.

 Crack in a crystal ball.
   LP43005.

 Crackpot king.
   R572111.

 Cradle of liberty.
   R568014.

 Cranial nerves.
   MP25257.

 Cranium.
   MU8998.

 Crash.
   LP43187.

 Crawford, Robert F.
   MP24987.

 Crawford (Ron) Inc.
   MP25388.

 Crawl, revised.
   MP25489.

 Crazy with the heat.
   R577485.

 Creative dramatics — elementary.
   MP25367.

 Crimson ghost.
   R568601.

 Crisis.
   LP43599.

 CRM, Inc.
   MP25430.

 CRM Productions.
   MP25463 - MP25470.

 CRM Productions, a division of Ziff Davis Publishing Company. SEE Ziff
    Davis Publishing Company. CRM Productions.

 Crooked circle.
   LP43299.

 Crosby (Bing) Producers, Inc.
   R566189.

 Cross my heart.
   R574029.

 Crossroads.
   LP43586.

 Crushed to earth.
   R567586.

 Crying “wolf.”
   R572115.

 C. S. Company.
   R574037.

 Cue tricks.
   R572343.

 Cupid goes nuts.
   R578426.

 Cutter.
   LP43139.

 Cycle of peril.
   LP43481.

 Cycliste.
   LP42977.

 Cynthia.
   R577226.

 Cytoplasmic motility.
   MP25302.


                                   D

 Dacchille, Leonardo.
   MP25134.

 Daddy’s girl.
   LP43607.

 Dana Productions, a division of Saparoff Films, Inc. SEE Saparoff
    Films, Inc. Dana Productions.

 Dancing.
   LP43538.

 Dangerous millions.
   R568009.

 Dangerous money.
   R574061.

 Dangerous venture.
   R578418.

 Danger point.
   LP43580.

 Danish pastry.
   LP43224.

 D’Antoni (Philip) Productions, Inc.
   LP43262.

 Dark delusion.
   R577227.

 Dark outpost.
   LP43251.

 Darr-Don, Inc.
   LP43202.

 Dart and Duster comparison with Nova and Maverick.
   MP25035.

 Dart / Nova / Maverick comparison.
   MP25029.

 Data communications.
   MP24952 - MP24958.

 Data management facilities: OS 360/370 I / O support and processing.
   MP24943.

 Data management facilities: OS 360/370 space allocation and cataloging.
   MP24945.

 Date for Lucy.
   LP43568.

 Daughters of Saint Paul, Boston.
   LP43120.

 Davenport, Thomas R.
   MP25478.

 Davidson Films.
   LP43264.

 Davis, Joan.
   MU8994.
   MU8995.
   MU8996.

 Davis, Robert E.
   MP24802.

 Davis, Stan.
   MU8994.
   MU8995.
   MU8996.

 Day after forever.
   LP43397.

 Day care today.
   JP24983.

 Day in the sun.
   MU8937.

 Day 1, day 2, friends.
   MP25426.

 Day with a Navajo family.
   MP24753.

 Dead end cats.
   R579967.

 Deadeye Dick.
   R579975.

 Deadline for murder.
   R567998.

 Deadlock.
   LP43325.

 Deadly China doll.
   LP42939.

 Deadly encounter.
   LP43596.

 Deadly gamesmen.
   LP43438.

 Deadly shade of green.
   LP42967.

 Deadly trackers.
   LP43118.

 Dead reckoning.
   R572328.

 Dealer’s wild.
   LP43181.

 Dear Mister Prohack.
   LF135.

 Dear murderer.
   R578604.

 Death grip.
   LP43594.

 Death is the door prize.
   LP42992.

 Death of a very small killer.
   LP42988.

 Deceived.
   LP43272.

 Decision: alcohol.
   LP43127.

 Decisions.
   MP25068.

 Decisive hours.
   MP25355.

 Decoy.
   R572505.

 Deep water rescue breathing.
   MP25042.

 Definite integral.
   MP25057.

 Degradation in plastic materials: cause, effect, cure.
   MP25275.

 DeLaurentiis International Manufacturing Company, S. P. A., Produzioni.
   LP43047.

 Delicate balance.
   LP42933.

 Delilah.
   LP43222.

 DelMonte, Angelo A.
   LU3668.

 Demagogues and do gooders: noisy voices of the Depression.
   LP43308.

 DePatie.
   LP43130 - LP43133.
   LP43137.
   LP43630 - LP43631.
   LP43634 - LP43636.

 Derivatives.
   MP25052.

 Desert fury.
   R578391.

 Desilu Productions, Inc.
   LP43550 - LP43573.

 Deterioration of water.
   LP43062.

 Devil’s disciples.
   LP43033.

 Devil’s playground.
   R573666.

 Devil thumbs a ride.
   R575632.

 DeVries, Peter.
   LP43575.

 Diamond City.
   LF142.

 Diamond demon.
   R567068.

 Diamond that nobody stole.
   LP42949.

 Dickerson, Randolph.
   MP24885.

 Dictionaries, words and language.
   MP24889.

 Die, darling, die.
   LP43279.

 Diffusion and osmosis.
   MP24837.

 Digital computer engineering laboratory.
   MP24861.

 Dilemma.
   LP43185.

 Dimension of difference.
   MP24897.

 Dinky finds a home.
   R572107.

 Dinner date.
   LP43168.

 Dinner of herbs.
   LP43468.

 Dipsy Doodle show.
   LU3670.

 Directors Company.
   LP43355.

 Dirt duel.
   LP43444.

 Dirty Danish dolls.
   MU8909.

 Discreet charm of the bourgeoise.
   LP42971.

 Discussing topics — elementary.
   MP25363.

 Disney (Walt) Educational Materials Company.
   LP43190.

 Disney (Walt) Productions.
   LP43189 - LP43200.
   LP43524 - LP43547.
   LP43612.
   MP24746 - MP24795.
   MP24805 - MP24808.
   MP25037 - MP25038.
   MP25175 - MP25179.
   MP25387.
   R570686.
   R573947.
   R577485 - R577489.
   R578549 - R578551.

 Disney hunting.
   MP24771.

 Disorders of motility.
   MP25268.

 Disparates.
   MP25434.

 District claims review panel.
   MP24903.

 Disturbance calls — general 1.
   MP24932.

 Ditzel (William) Productions.
   MP24739.

 Diverse Industries, Inc.
   MP24849 - MP24852.
   MP24929 - MP24930.

 D. L. N. Ventures Partnership.
   LF125.

 DNA replication.
   MP25312.

 Do and talk — elementary.
   MP25368.

 Doberman gang.
   LP43618.

 Doctor and Mister Harper.
   LP43486.

 Doctor Jekyll and Mister Mouse.
   R578942.

 Doctor Quik and the exchange ray.
   LU3668.

 Dodge Colt comparison.
   MP25141.

 Donald discovers transportation.
   MP24751.

 Donald’s dilemma.
   R573947.

 Don and Denise.
   LP43462.

 Don is dead.
   LP43602.

 Don Ricardo returns.
   R569741.

 Don’t feed the bears.
   MP24789.

 Don’t look now.
   LF125.

 DOS environment.
   MP25344.

 DOS librarian programs.
   MP25347.

 DOS libraries.
   MP25343.

 Dossier on a diplomat.
   LP43029.

 DOS / VS.
   MP25431.
   MP25432.
   MP25433.

 DOS workshop.
   MP25352.

 Double danger.
   R570066.

 Doubleday and Company, Inc.
   MP24975.
   MP25172 - MP25174.
   MP25221 - MP25225.

 Doubleday and Company, Inc. Doubleday Multimedia.
   MP24975.
   MP25172 - MP25174.
   MP25221 - MP25225.

 Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. SEE
    Doubleday and Company, Inc. Doubleday Multimedia.

 Double jeopardy.
   LP43332.

 Double vowel rule.
   MP25270.

 Down Missouri way.
   R569729.

 Down two roads.
   LP43433.

 Doyen Properties Associates.
   LU3671.

 Drawing structures.
   MP25300.
   MP25399.

 Dribble.
   MP24914.

 Driftin’ river.
   R569738.

 Drilling and blasting.
   MP25328.

 Drive hard, drive fast.
   LP43101.

 Driver performance test.
   MP25337.

 Drivers.
   LP43402.

 Drivo - test.
   MP25435.

 Dryden file.
   LP43349.

 Duel in the sun.
   R578232.

 Duel with doom.
   LP43285.

 DuMaurier, Daphne.
   LF125.

 Duster / Valiant / Nova / Maverick comparison.
   MP25036.


                                   E

 Eagle Island.
   MP25439.

 Eagle Lion Films, Inc.
   R570574.

 Ear and hearing.
   MP25263.

 Early abortion.
   MP24906.

 Early man in North America.
   MP24743.

 Early sports quiz, no. 13.
   R570213.

 Earth: its water cycle.
   MP25458.

 Earth: the restless planet.
   MP25220.

 Earth 2.
   LP43100.

 Eastern.
   MP24952 - MP24958.

 Easter Yeggs.
   R569647.

 Easy come, easy go.
   R574032.

 Easy rap.
   LP43416.

 Easy way.
   MP25400.

 E. C. A. SEE Effective Communication Arts, Inc.

 Echo of a nightmare.
   LP43038.

 Economy: a new way to go.
   MP25093.

 Edge of the world.
   LP42970.

 Edge of violence.
   LP43583.

 Edison Electric Institute.
   MP24862.

 EDP systems controls.
   MP25235 - MP25239.

 Educational Innovators Press, a division of Multimedia Associates, Inc.
    SEE Multimedia Associates, Inc. Educational Innovators Press.

 Educational Media Corporation.
   MP25336.

 Edutronics Systems International, Inc.
   MP24940 - MP24967.
   MP25126 - MP25133.
   MP25162 - MP25163.
   MP25182 - MP25201.
   MP25235 - MP25247.
   MP25343 - MP25354.
   MP25431 - MP25433.
   MP25436.

 Edward Albee’s A Delicate balance.
   LP42933.

 Edwards, Gerald.
   MP25342.

 Ee - yi - ee - yi - oh.
   LP43126.

 Effective Communication Arts, Inc.
   MP25278.

 Effective interviewing techniques.
   MP25126.

 Effective supervision.
   MP25013.

 Effective writing: building an outline.
   MP25390.

 Effect of gamma rays on man in the moon marigolds.
   LP43577.

 Effects of gas rates and depth of injection on well performance.
   MU9001.

 Effects of surface conditions on gas lift performance.
   MU9000.

 Efficiency experts: Westinghouse compacts.
   MU8988.

 Egg and I.
   R578388.

 Eggs.
   MP24979.

 Ego states.
   MP25077.

 Ehrlich, Stanley V.
   MU8912.

 800 series cornhead.
   MP25156.

 Eldorado Films, S. R. L.
   LF125.

 Electronic mouse trap.
   R572105.

 Element.
   MP24736.

 Elementary natural science — songbirds.
   MP25113

 Elephants.
   LP43125.
   LP43533.

 Elephant seal colony.
   MP24805.

 Elizabeth: the queen who shaped an age.
   LP43082.

 Emergency.
   LP43159 - LP43187.
   LP43402 - LP43404.

 Emergency in Ward E.
   LP43296.

 Emergency Productions.
   LP43159 - LP43187.
   LP43402 - LP43404.

 EMKA, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. SEE Universal City
    Studios, Inc. EMKA.

 Emperor of the North.
   LP43207.

 Employee orientation series for Bendix Home Systems.
   MU8908.

 Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation.
   MP24832 - MP24841.

 Enders, Robert.
   LP43575.

 End of the line.
   LP43014.
   LP43473.

 End theme.
   LP43115.

 Enemy.
   LP43248.

 Energy conversion.
   MP25172.

 Energy environment game.
   MP24862.

 Energy relationships of cyclohexane conformations.
   MP25398.

 Enersen, Dick.
   MP25040.

 Enersen / Pal Enterprises.
   MP25040.

 Engineer.
   MP25471.

 Engineering Research Institute.
   MP24845.

 English logic static control program.
   LP43469.

 English through interaction.
   MP25360 - MP25377.

 Environmental Studies.
   MP25429.

 Epoch Producing Corporation.
   LP43201.

 Equine Films, Inc.
   LP43350.

 Escape.
   LP43405 - LP43408.

 Escape Productions.
   LP43405 - LP43408.

 Escuela Agricola Panamericana.
   MP24969.
   MP24970.
   MP24973.

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Materials.
   MP24888 - MP24891.
   MP25016.
   MP25397.

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Media.
   MP24892.
   MP25014.
   MP25015.
   MP25017.
   MP25109.
   MP25110.
   MP25203 - MP25205.
   MP25388 - MP25396.
   MP25457 - MP25458.
   MP25461.

 Esquire, Inc. Perspective Films.
   MP25108.

 Essentia, the Evergreen State College. SEE Evergreen State College,
    Olympia, WA. Essentia.

 Establishing observer reliability with the teacher self appraisal
    observation system.
   MP25048.

 Esty (William) Company, Inc.
   MP24842 - MP24843.
   MP24910.
   MP24977 - MP24981.
   MP25041.

 ETA Productions.
   MP25273.

 Ethnographics, Inc.
   MP25360 - MP25361.
   MP25364 - MP25377.

 Eugene O’Neill’s The Iceman cometh.
   LP42935.

 Euro International Films, S. P. A.
   LP42961.

 Evergreen State College, Olympia, Wa. Essentia.
   MP25429.

 Evil men do.
   LP43016.

 Ewing, Wayne H.
   MP25359.

 Executioners.
   LP43278.

 Exits and entrances: show biz in a lively era.
   LP43309.

 Exorcist.
   LP42969.

 Explorer Post 2001.
   MP24885.

 Exploring inner space.
   MP24886.

 Extravagant Film Productions, Ltd.
   LP42985.


                                   F

 Fabulous Suzanne.
   R568603.

 Face.
   MP25254.
   MP25255.

 Factory Mutual Engineering Corporation.
   MP24900.

 F. A. C. T. S.
   MP25340.

 Fairbanks, Douglas, Jr.
   LP43608.

 Fairchild Industries, Inc.
   LP43226.

 Falcon, prince of birds.
   MP25202.

 Falcon’s adventure.
   R570317.

 Fallen.
   LP43487.

 Fallen image.
   LP43303.

 Fall of the House of Usher.
   LP43353.

 Fall of Troy.
   LP43361.

 Fame is the spur.
   LF154.

 Fannie Mae guide to buying, financing and selling your home.
   MP25415.

 Fantasy of Siam.
   R572006.

 Farmer in a changing America.
   MP24840.

 Farmer’s daughter.
   R578233.

 Far world.
   R572331.

 Fatal decision.
   LP43321.

 Fatal memory.
   LP43478.

 Feather in his hare.
   R569649.

 Fedderson, Don.
   LP43202.

 Federal National Mortgage Association.
   MP25415.

 Feeding.
   MP25115.

 Feed Service Corporation.
   MP25479.

 Feelings.
   MP25076.

 Feiner (Richard) and Company, Inc.
   R576618.

 Felipa: north of the border.
   LP43080.

 Ferrell (J. W.) Company, Inc.
   MP25171.

 Ferris, Bill.
   MP25277.

 Fiesta.
   R578944.

 Fiesta Films.
   MP25063.

 50 happy years.
   MP25387.

 Fifty years of thorns and roses.
   LP43122.

 Fighting frontiersman.
   R567582.

 Film Archives Company.
   LP43259.
   LP43353.
   R577971.
   R577972.

 FilmFair Communications.
   MP24934.
   MP24935.
   MP24936.

 FilmFair, Inc.
   MP24934.
   MP24935.
   MP24936.

 Film making techniques.
   MP25420.

 Film Production Unit, Iowa State University, Ames. SEE Iowa State
    University of Science and Technology, Ames. Film Production Unit.

 Films, Inc.
   MP24863 - MP24867.
   MP24912.
   MP25473 - MP25474.
   MP25476.

 Films of Scotland.
   LP43189.
   MP24876.

 Filmways Television Productions, Inc.
   LP43607.

 Final semester.
   LP43144.

 Fine arts and humanities.
   LP42945.

 Fire in the laboratory.
   MP25234.

 Fire Service Extension and Film Production Unit, Iowa State University.
    SEE Iowa State University of Science and Technology, Ames. Fire
    Service Extension and Film Production Unit.

 First aid action.
   MP24847.

 First day of your life.
   LP43152.

 First encounter.
   MU8943.

 First hurrah.
   LP43215.

 Fitch, John T.
   MP25228 - MP25234.

 Fitch, Robert M.
   MP25228 - MP25234.

 Fitzgerald, F. Scott.
   LP43372.

 Five days in the death of Sergeant Brown.
   LP43106.

 Five Hand Company.
   LP43138.

 Five on the black hand side.
   LP43138.

 Five will get you six.
   LP43151.

 Fixation and dehydration in haemanthus.
   MP25306.

 Flammability and flame retardants in plastic.
   MP25276.

 Flint Laboratories, division of Travenol Laboratories, Inc. SEE
    Travenol Laboratories, Inc. Flint Laboratories.

 Flood tide.
   LF132.

 Flossie and religion.
   LP43607.

 Flowering and fruiting of papaya.
   MP24969.

 Flying sportsman in Jamaica.
   R578349.

 FNMA. SEE Federal National Mortgage Association.

 Foibles.
   LP43071.

 Food chains in a lake environment.
   MP24762.

 Food labeling: Understanding what you eat.
   MP24988.

 Food: the story of a peanut butter sandwich.
   LP43078.

 Fool and his money.
   LP43417.

 Fool’s gold.
   R573667.

 Fools rush in.
   LF134.

 Football fanfare.
   R568015.

 Ford Foundation.
   MP24902.

 Ford Motor Company.
   LP43469.

 Forest animals and their young.
   MP24795.

 For richer, for poorer.
   LP43219.

 For the love of pizza.
   LP43105.

 For the love of Rusty.
   R578897.

 For the rest of your life.
   MP25227.

 Fortune hunters.
   R567077.

 Foul hunting.
   R578550.

 Fowl brawl.
   R570075.

 Fowler, Bruce.
   MP25303.
   MP25304.

 Fox, J. Lawrence.
   MP25312 - MP25315.

 Fragile possession.
   LP43455.

 Framed.
   R572335.

 Franciscan Communications Center.
   MP24901.
   MP24916.

 Franck, Edward A.
   MP24886.

 Frangakis, Nicholas.
   MP25066.

 Franklin, Robert J.
   MP25421.

 Freedom trap.
   LP42953.

 Freeman, Everett.
   LP43575.

 Freeman, Leonard.
   LP42947.
   LP42948.
   LP42949.

 Freeman (Leonard) Productions, Inc.
   LP43048.
   LP43049.

 Free men triumph.
   R570071.

 Freleng.
   LP43130 - LP43133.
   LP43137.
   LP43630 - LP43631.
   LP43634 - LP43636.

 French Revolution: the Bastille.
   LP43085.

 French Revolution: the terror.
   LP43096.

 Friend of the family.
   LP43216.

 Fright and flight.
   LP43284.

 Fright night.
   R577569.

 From Homo Erectus to Neanderthal.
   MP24742.

 From the source.
   MP25226.

 Frozen war, America intervenes in Russia, 1918–1920.
   MP25181.

 Frugal Films, Ltd. Kotch Company.
   LP43606.

 Fruit fly: a look at behavior biology.
   MP25430.

 Fruiting of cacao (Theobroma cacao)
   MP24971.

 Fruiting of coffee (Coffea arabica)
   MP24974.

 Fugitive.
   LP42987 - LP43046.

 Fulkerson, Ann Tavi.
   MU8902.

 Fuller, Samuel.
   LP43118.

 Fun and fancy free.
   R577489.

 Functions.
   MP24732.

 Fundamental theorem.
   MP25051.

 Fun on a weekend.
   R577972.

 Fun with speech sounds.
   MP25015.

 Fury / Impala / Galaxie 500 comparison.
   MP25034.

 Fussy baby.
   MP25123.

 Future action computerized training system.
   MP25340.

 Fuzz brothers.
   LP42968.

 Fuzz lady.
   LP43165.


                                   G

 Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd.
   LF137.
   LF138.
   LF142.
   LF149.
   LF150.
   LF152.
   R578286.
   R578604.

 Gait and musculoskeletal disorders.
   MP25261.

 Galapagos: Darwin’s clues.
   MP24892.

 Gallant, Denise P.
   MU8997.

 Game for one player.
   LP43493.

 Game of showdown.
   LP43430.

 Games.
   MP25078.

 Gandy Goose in Fortune hunters.
   R567077.

 Gandy Goose in It’s all in the stars.
   R570610.

 Gandy Goose in Mexican baseball.
   R579969.

 Gandy Goose in Peace time football.
   R572099.

 Gandy Goose in The Golden hen.
   R572101.

 Gardner, B. T.
   MP25170.

 Gardner (James) Child Development Centers.
   MP25358.

 Gardner, R. A.
   MP25170.

 Garner Ted Armstrong.
   MP24724 - MP24731.
   MP24797 - MP24798.
   MP24809 - MP24827.
   MP24887.
   MP24992 - MP25012.
   MP25147 - MP25153.
   MP25206 - MP25213.
   MP25248 - MP25253.
   MP25283.
   MP25285 - MP25289.
   MP25495 - MP25500.

 Gashouse kids.
   R569740.

 Gassner, Mordi.
   MU8910.

 Gathering information for weather forecasting.
   MP24774.

 Gaucho.
   LP43352.

 Gaumont British Distributors, Ltd.
   LF128.

 Gay anties.
   R567284.

 Gearing.
   MP24923.

 Gears and machines.
   MP24749.

 Gellerman effective supervision series.
   MP25013.
   MP25135.
   MP23136.

 Gemini descending.
   LP43420.

 General Film Distributors, Ltd.
   LF128.
   LF137 - LF140.
   LF151.
   R574818.
   R578285.
   R578287.
   R578288.

 General Foods Corporation. Beverage and Breakfast Foods Division.
   MP24828.

 General Motors.
   MU8973.

 General Motors Corporation. Chevrolet Motor Division.
   MU8944 - MU8949.
   MU8987.
   MU8989 - MU8990.
   MU9006 - MU9007.

 General Motors Corporation. Oldsmobile Division.
   MP25477.

 General Motors Institute, Flint, MI.
   MP25275 - MP25276.
   MP25423.

 Generation 70, Inc.
   LP43623.

 Gentleman Joe Palooka.
   R577414.

 Geothermal power.
   MP25039.

 Gettysburg - 1863.
   MP25065.

 Ghetto clinic.
   LP43592.

 Ghost of the dancing doll.
   LP43425.

 Giddy up woe.
   LP43132.

 Giffith, James F.
   MP24829.

 Gifts and long letters.
   LP43442.

 Gilbert Film Associates.
   MP25429.

 Gillette Company.
   MP25049.
   MP25050.

 Gillette Company. Safety Razor Division.
   MU8971.

 Ginn and Company.
   MP25137.
   MP25138.
   MP25139.

 Ginn instructional film series on political roles.
   MP25137.
   MP25138.
   MP25139.

 Girl named Tham.
   LP43142.

 Girls and gags.
   R568021.

 Girl who ran out of night.
   LP43614.

 Gladiator.
   LP43491.

 Glen/Kaye Films.
   MP25487.

 Gloriously clean/campus.
   MP24843.

 Go Cub Scouting.
   MP24982.

 Godwin Bevers Company, Inc.
   MU8986.

 Go faster.
   LP43098.

 Golan, Menahem.
   LP42940.

 Goldberg Werrenrath Productions.
   MP25269.
   MP25270.

 Golden Door Productions.
   MP24908.

 Golden hen.
   R572101.

 Golden Salamander.
   LF133.

 Goldsmith, Isadore.
   LF124.
   R575036.

 Gold struck.
   LP43133.

 Goldwhite, Harold.
   MP25299 - MP25300.
   MP25316 - MP25320.
   MP25398 - MP25399.

 Goldwyn (Samuel) Productions, Inc.
   R574865.
   R574866.

 Good bad egg.
   R577565.

 Goodbye my love.
   LP42987.

 Good guys and the bad guys.
   LP43013.

 Goodman, Dolores M.
   MU9011.

 Good sense about your stomach.
   LP43307.

 Good thing.
   MP24910.

 Goofy golf.
   R578420.

 Goofy gophers.
   R567287.

 Gordon’s war.
   LP43208.

 Grappling groaners.
   R578908.

 Grass story.
   LP43611.

 Gravity.
   MP25221.

 Great expectations.
   R578288.

 Great Gatsby.
   LP43372.

 Great land.
   MU8937.

 Great moments from “Birth of a nation.”
   LP43201.

 Great Outdoor Productions.
   MU8950.

 Great piggy bank robbery.
   R567283.

 Greeks: in search of meaning.
   LP43095.

 Green corner.
   MP25273.

 Greene Valley grandparents.
   MP25277.

 Greenfield, Amy.
   MP24736.

 Greenwich Film Productions.
   LP42971.

 Greenwood Press, Inc.
   MP24896.

 Gregory, John R.
   MP24844.

 Grid approach to conflict solving.
   MP25292.

 Griffin, Patrick.
   MP25181.

 Griffith (Andy) Enterprises.
   LP43320.

 Grotto of greed.
   R578424.

 Group 7A elements: Chemical properties.
   MP25229.

 Group 7A elements: Physical properties.
   MP25228.
   MP25231.

 Group 7B elements: Manganese.
   MP25230.

 Groverton Productions, Ltd.
   LP43140 - LP43158.
   LP43409 - LP43412.

 Growth and development, toilet training.
   MP25116.

 Growth and fruiting of African oil.
   MP24972.

 Growth and fruiting of banana.
   MP24970.

 Growth and fruiting of pineapple.
   MP24973.

 Guess who owes Lucy $23.50.
   LP43560.

 Guided by the nene.
   MP24913.

 Guilt of Janet Ames.
   R572336.

 Gutman (Leo A.) Inc.
   R570569.

 Gyroscope.
   MP25224.


                                   H

 Haley, Gail E.
   LP42979.

 Half wits holiday.
   R570073.

 Hall, Richard.
   MU8904.

 Hall, Richard S.
   MU8903.

 Hammer, Jerry.
   LP43350.

 Handi Wipes, Betsy Cullen, golf ’74 ABC.
   MP25443.

 Handi Wipes, Betsy Cullen, golf ’74 CBS / NBC.
   MP25493.

 Handling reagents.
   MP25295.

 Handling walk ins.
   MP25144.

 Hangman’s wages.
   LP43389.

 Hang up.
   LP43186.

 Hanick, Jack M.
   MP25134.

 Happy go lucky.
   R579970.

 Harbor Productions, Inc.
   LF157.

 Harbour - UTV.
   LP43103 - LP43104.
   LP43106 - LP43117.
   LP43188.
   LP43399 - LP43401.
   LP43424 - LP43441.

 Hard boiled Mahoney.
   R578395.

 Hardware.
   MP24955.

 Hare grows in Manhattan.
   R573500.

 Harness racing.
   R578351.

 Harold Pinter’s The Homecoming.
   LP42934.

 Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.
   MP25293 - MP25320.
   MP25398 - MP25399.
   MP25459.

 Harriet Tubman and the Underground Railroad.
   LP43362.

 Harris, Grant D.
   MU8973.

 Harry catches goldfever.
   LP43522.

 Harry nobody.
   LP43446.

 Hawaii Five - O.
   LP42947.
   LP42948.
   LP42949.
   LP43048.
   LP43049.

 Hawaii — the fortunate isles.
   MP24737.

 Hawkins.
   LP43269 - LP43270.
   LP43279 - LP43283.

 Hawkins on murder.
   LP42941.

 Hearst Corporation. Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
   R567417 - R567424.
   R570429 - R570438.
   R572657 - R572664.
   R574062 - R574069.
   R576809 - R576817.
   R578731 - R578739.

 Hearst Corporation. King Features Syndicate.
   R575614.
   R575615.
   R567675.

 Hearst Metrotone News, Inc. SEE Hearst Corporation. Hearst Metrotone
    News, Inc.

 Heartbeat for yesterday.
   LP43467.

 Heckle and Jeckle, the talking magpies, in Cat trouble.
   R579973.

 Heckle and Jeckle, the talking magpies, in Happy go lucky.
   R579970.

 Heckle and Jeckle, the talking magpies, in McDougal’s Rest Farm.
   R579968.

 Heckle and Jeckle the Talking Magpies in The Uninvited pests.
   R572112.

 He could sell iceboxes to Eskimos.
   LP43460.

 Hec Ramsey.
   LP43383.
   LP43384.
   LP43388.
   LP43389.

 Hell House.
   LP43206.

 Hello, Mother, goodbye.
   LP43619.

 Hell up in Harlem.
   LP43346.

 Helpful.
   LP43170.

 Helter skelter.
   LF137.

 Hemisphere Films, Inc.
   R576618.

 Hemophilia of Michigan.
   MU8892.

 Henry Gibson.
   MU8941.

 Henry Miller, asleep and awake.
   MP24853.

 Here’s Lucy.
   LP43500 - LP43523.
   LP43550 - LP42573.

 Her sister’s secret.
   R569737.

 Hesse, Hermann.
   LU3669.

 Heyer, Georgette.
   LF131.

 Heyes, Douglas.
   LP43266.

 Higgins (Alfred) Productions, Inc.
   MP24801.
   MP24905.
   MP25112.
   MP25422.

 High Barbaree.
   R572725.

 High flying spy.
   LP43197.
   LP43199.
   LP43612.

 High plains drifter.
   LP43621.

 High school hero.
   R574060.

 High spy.
   LP43612.

 Hinde, W. Craig.
   MP24802.

 Hines, Stephen P.
   LU3674.

 His brother’s keeper.
   LP43291.

 History of Mister Polly.
   LF130.

 History of the bicycle.
   MP24808.

 Hitchhiker.
   LP42972.

 Hit - run.
   LP43276.

 Hobel, Philip S.
   MU8894.
   MU8895.

 Hockey: the power play.
   MP25166.

 Hoffmann LaRoche, Inc.
   MP25115 - MP25124.
   MP25168.

 Hold down.
   LP43405.

 Hold that lion.
   R578902.

 Holiday in Las Vegas.
   R577575.

 Hollywood Daffy.
   R567281.

 Hollywood orgy.
   MP24930.

 Homecoming.
   LP42934.

 Homes.
   LP43529.

 Home sweet homicide.
   R568005.

 Honest.
   LP43172.

 Hong Kong: wandering with Rick.
   MP25110.

 Honky tonk.
   LP43266.

 Hoot Kloot.
   LP43131 - LP43133.
   LP43495.
   LP43630.
   LP43631.
   LP43634.
   LP43635.
   LP43636.

 Horne, Kenneth.
   LF134.

 Horvath, Charles.
   MU8938.

 Hot and cold.
   MP25393.

 Hot heir.
   R572340.

 Hot lights.
   MU8906.

 Hot potato.
   LP42965.

 Hot spell.
   LP43454.

 Houghton Mifflin Company.
   MP24732.
   MP25051 - MP25061.
   MP25360 - MP25377.

 Hound hunters.
   R573465.

 Hour of judgment.
   LP43155.

 House of mirrors.
   LP43459.

 Housing problem.
   R572109.

 Howard, H.
   MP25302.

 How do I love thee.
   LP43575.

 Howlin Cinema Productions.
   MP25039.

 How to make an animal puppet.
   MP25175.

 How to make a puppet head.
   MP24807.

 Hoya Productions, Inc.
   LP42969.

 Huckleberry Finn.
   MP25284.

 Humanities series.
   MP24968.

 Human targets.
   R578429.

 Humoresque.
   R571690.

 Hungarofilm.
   LP43055.
   LP43057.
   LP43071.
   LP43072.

 Hunt for a lonely girl.
   LP43496.

 Hunting.
   LP43546.

 Huston, John.
   LP42953.

 Hymn to her.
   MP25381.


                                   I

 I am Joe’s spine.
   LP43233.

 IBM Corporation. SEE International Business Machines Corporation.

 IBM independent study program.
   MP25018.
   MP25019.

 Icarus Productions.
   MP24989.

 Iceman cometh.
   LP42935.

 Idol maker.
   LP43333.

 I don’t want to sell Babe.
   LP43313.

 If.
   MP24883.

 If elected.
   MP25359.

 If given a chance.
   MU8892.

 If I’m lucky.
   R568001.

 If that’s a gnome, this must be Zurich.
   LP43616.

 I’ll be yours.
   R572009.

 Illegal aid.
   LP43217.

 Ill wind.
   LP43041.

 I love my wife but.
   R574263.

 I’m going to be the lion’s head.
   LP43314.

 Immigrant experience: the long, long journey.
   LP43059.

 Immunizations.
   MP25124.

 I’m no fool having fun.
   MP24748.

 I’m no fool with electricity.
   MP25038.

 I’m no fool with fire.
   MP24746.

 Impact.
   LP43477.

 Impact Production Associates.
   MU8973.

 Impala versus Ford LTD.
   MU8949.

 Imperfect lady.
   R578392.

 Impossible war.
   LP43063.

 Imposter.
   LP43331.

 Impulse.
   LU3666.

 I’m sorry, baby.
   LP43344.

 IMS. SEE Instructional Material Systems.

 Inalienable right to die.
   LP43113.

 In a plain paper wrapper.
   LP43001.

 Independent Producers, Ltd.
   LF141.
   LF146.

 Indiana Farm Bureau, Inc.
   MP25357.

 Indian villagers in Mexico.
   MP25475.

 Induction and repression.
   MP25313.

 In due time.
   MU8902.

 Industrial Alcoholism Films.
   MP25338.
   MP25339.

 Industrial beginnings in West Pakistan.
   MP25474.

 Industrial worker in Kenya.
   MP24912.

 Inertia.
   MP25173.

 Infant appraisal.
   MP24735.

 Inquisition.
   LP43243.

 In search of the lost world.
   MP24743.
   MP24744.

 In sickness and in health.
   LP43458.

 Inside the 9 1/4 inch axle.
   MP25322.

 Institute of Ophthalmology.
   MU8903.
   MU8904.

 Institut fuer Film und Bild.
   MP24870.
   MP24872 - MP24873.
   MP25473 - MP25476.

 Instituto Interamericana de Ciencias Agricolas.
   MP24970.
   MP24971.
   MP24972.
   MP24974.

 Instructional Material Systems.
   MP25020.

 Instructional Television Center, the School Board of Broward County,
    Florida. SEE School Board of Broward County, Florida. Instructional
    Television Center.

 Instructor orientation.
   MP25450.

 Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.
   MP24937.
   MP25167.

 Inter Hemisphere Productions, Ltd.
   LP43207.

 International Business Machines Corporation.
   MP25018.
   MP25019.

 International Cinemedia Center.
   LP43060.
   LP43073 - LP43078.

 International Cinemedia Center, Ltd.
   LP43058.

 International Harvester Company.
   MP24990 - MP24991.
   MP25156 - MP25161.
   MP25340.

 Interviewing interactions.
   MP25126.

 In the land of the war canoes: Kwakiutl Indian life on the Northwest
    Coast.
   LP42981.

 Into the chasm.
   R572333.

 Into the depths.
   R570068.

 Introduction to CICS.
   MP25127.

 Introduction to DOS.
   MP25345.

 Introduction to speech problems
   MP25264.

 Intruders.
   R579972.

 Invaders.
   LP43234 - LP43257.

 Investigator.
   LU3671.

 I / O device operations.
   MP24946 - MP24951.

 Iowa State University of Science and Technology, Ames.
   MP24734.
   MP24845.
   MP24969 - MP24974.
   MP25155.
   MP25486.

 Iowa State University of Science and Technology, Ames. Film Production
    Unit.
   MP24845.
   MP24969 - MP24974.
   MP25486.

 Iowa State University of Science and Technology, Ames. Fire Service
    Extension and Film Production Unit.
   MP24734.

 Iowa State University of Science and Technology, Ames. Soil Research
    Laboratory.
   MP24845.

 IPL and supervisor.
   MP25351.

 Irani, Mani S.
   MP24846.

 Ironside.
   LP43399 - LP43401.
   LP43424 - LP43441.

 Is everybody happy.
   MP25408.

 Island fling.
   R573497.

 Island of deception.
   R572332.

 Isles of enchantment.
   MP24859.

 Is mercury a menace.
   MP25098.

 Israeli kibbutz.
   MP25476.

 Is this operation necessary.
   LP43107.

 It ain’t city music.
   MP25478.

 It happened in Brooklyn.
   R570604.

 It happened in Hollywood.
   LP43617.

 It has nothing to do with you.
   MP25463.

 It’s all in the stars.
   R570610.

 It’s a mystery, Charlie Brown.
   LP43227.

 It’s hard to be good.
   LF148.

 It shouldn’t happen to a dog.
   R567999.

 It’s my decision, as long as it’s what you want.
   MP25465.

 It’s my hobby.
   MP25468.

 It’s not fair.
   MP25469.

 It’s the Easter beagle, Charlie Brown.
   LP43627.

 It’s your move, sergeant.
   MP25068.
 It’s your turn — to steer.
   LP43226.

 Ivy maze.
   LP43024.


                                   J

 Jabbertown.
   MU8940.

 Jabberwocky.
   LP43232.

 Jack Armstrong.
   R572329.
   R572331 - R572333.
   R577558.
   R577562.
   R577567.
   R577568.
   R578424.
   R578425.
   R578427.
   R578429.
   R578896.
   R578898.

 Jackson years: the new Americans.
   LP43069.

 Jackson years: toward civil war.
   LP43070.

 Jacobs, Arthur P.
   MP25284.

 Jacques Lipchitz.
   MP25481.

 Jaffe (Howard B.) Inc.
   LP43354.

 Jaffilms, Inc.
   LP43354.

 Jail break.
   R572100.

 Jamaica.
   R568020.

 Jamaica Inn.
   LP43259.

 James and John.
   MP25484.

 Japan: the land and the people.
   MP25204.

 Jason be nimble, Jason be quick.
   LP43465.

 J C L formats and functions.
   MP25346.

 J D F / B.
   LP42968.

 Jean Goldkette orchestra on tour.
   MU8938.

 Jeopardy.
   LP43302.

 Jeremy.
   LP43136.

 Jewison, Norman.
   LP43310.

 Jinn who clears the way.
   LP43048.

 Jitterumba.
   R578389.

 Job management.
   MP24944.

 Joffe, Charles H.
   LP43135.

 John Muir, father of our national parks.
   LP43190.

 Johnnes, Peretz W.
   MP25414.

 Johnny O’Clock.
   R572326.

 Johnstown Flood.
   R572102.

 Jones.
   MP25488.

 Jones, Charles M.
   LP42986.

 Jones (Chuck) Enterprises.
   LP42986.

 Jones, Leo.
   MP25310.

 Joshua’s kingdom.
   LP43019.

 Journey into space.
   R578896.

 Journey through limbo.
   LP43150.

 Joyful noise.
   MU8907.

 Judgement.
   LP43017.
   LP43030.
   LP43472.

 Julien, Max.
   LP43356.

 Jungle gangster.
   R570403.

 Junior League of Charlotte, North Carolina, Inc.
   LP43629.

 Junkie.
   LP43589.

 Jury and juror: function and responsibility.
   MP24936.

 Just like in school.
   MP24894.


                                   K

 Kalmanowicz, Max.
   MU8992.

 Kalmia Company.
   MP25228 - MP25234.

 Kasper, James Norman.
   MP25272.

 Katey at the bat.
   LP43225.

 Katsu Production Company, Ltd.
   LF156.

 Kaufman (Jack) Productions, Inc.
   MP25445.

 Kazablan.
   LP42940.

 Keeping tabs.
   LP43414.

 Kelvin, George.
   MP25312 - MP25315.

 Kenasset Film.
   LP43136.

 Kennedys don’t cry.
   MU8895.

 KERA (television station)
   MP25413.

 Kibbutz.
   MP25476.

 Kidnapping.
   LP43277.

 Kids.
   LP43160.

 Kids: 53 things to know about health, sex and growing up.
   MP25104.

 Kiel Olympiad.
   MP25040.

 Killer instinct.
   MP25445.

 Killing.
   LP43275.

 Killing ground.
   LP43379.

 Kinetic art in Paris.
   MP25462.

 Kingdom of could be you.
   LP42944 - LP42946.

 Kingdom of the wild.
   R573499.

 King Features Syndicate, a division of the Hearst Corporation. SEE
    Hearst Corporation. King Features Syndicate.

 King of the wild horses.
   R577560.

 Kingsbury Center, Inc.
   MP25341.

 Kitty Kornered.
   R567280.

 Klein (Walter J.) Company, Ltd.
   LP43629.

 Kloot’s kounty.
   LP43634.

 Knights of old.
   LP43531.

 Knoblock, Edward.
   LF135.

 Know your combine - corn.
   MP25161.

 Koan.
   MU8997.

 Kotch.
   LP43606.

 Kotch Company, a division of Frugal Films, Ltd. SEE Frugal Films, Ltd.
    Kotch Company.

 Kratky Film.
   LP43121.
   LP43232.

 Kresleny Film Prague.
   LP43050.

 Kyoto: exploring with Larry.
   MP25109.


                                   L

 Labels and additional J C L.
   MP25353.

 Laboratory emergencies.
   MP25293.

 Laboratory first aid.
   MP25296.

 Laboratory safety.
   MP25293 - MP25296.
   MP25459.

 Laborers A G C Education and Training Fund.
   MP25328.
   MP25329.

 Labyrinth.
   LP43254.

 Ladies and gentlemen, the Rolling Stones.
   LU3672.

 Ladies man.
   R574030.

 Lady chaser.
   R569744.

 Lady surrenders.
   R578605.

 Lake people of Scotland.
   MP24876.

 L’Amour, Louis.
   LP43625.

 Lance Savage, private eye.
   LP42983.

 Landau (Ely) Organization, Inc.
   LP42933.
   LP42934.
   LP42935.

 Land of the springbok.
   MU8893.

 Landscape with running figures.
   LP43009.
   LP43010.

 Language of medicine.
   MP25069 - MP25075.

 Lantz, Walter.
   LP43105.

 Lantz (Walter) Productions.
   R578358.
   R578373.
   R578374.

 Larco.
   LP43346.

 Large group improvisation—secondary.
   MP25365.

 LaRue (Mervin W.) Films, Inc. Scientificom.
   MP25271.

 LaRue Communications, Inc. Scientificom.
   MP25271.

 Larynx.
   MP25260.

 Lasky (Jesse L.) Productions, Inc.
   R570310.

 Last American hero.
   LP43209.

 Last oasis.
   LP42991.

 Last of Sheila.
   LP42956.

 Last pony mine.
   MP25486.

 Last prom.
   MP24879.

 Last target.
   LP42966.

 Last ten yards.
   LP43294.

 Las Vegas, frontier town.
   R567289.

 Late baby.
   LP43450.

 Latham, Roger.
   MU8950.

 Latigo—a concept of Godwin Bevers.
   MU8986.

 Latter, Martin.
   MP25180.

 Laudate.
   MP25066.

 Laughing policeman.
   LP43263.

 Laundry mountain.
   MP24981.

 Law: a system of order.
   MP24968.

 Lawn groom.
   MP25180.

 Law of the canyon.
   R578423.

 Lawrence (Robert) Productions, Inc.
   LF142.

 Lear, Norman.
   LP43610.
   LP43611.

 Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. SEE Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Learning
    Company of America.

 Learning Company of America, a division of Screen Gems, Inc. SEE Screen
    Gems, Inc. Learning Company of America.

 Learning to live.
   MP25076 - MP25083.

 Learning to look series.
   MP24894.
   MP24895.

 Least of these, my brethren.
   MP24844.

 Lecture [1 - 12]
   MP25191 - MP25201.
   MP25436.

 Legend of Hell House.
   LP43206.

 Leiterman, Douglas S.
   MU8894.
   MU8895.

 Lenzi, John.
   LP42958.

 Let me count the ways.
   LP43575.

 Let’s find some faces.
   MP24895.

 Let’s go swimming.
   R571694.

 Let’s sing a college song.
   R578359.

 Let’s sing a western song.
   R578364.

 Let’s start with the forehand.
   MP24908.

 Let the good times roll.
   LP43203.

 Levin, Ben.
   MP25418.

 Lewis, Samella.
   MP24904.

 Lewis and Clark at the Great Divide.
   LP43365.

 Libel is a dirty word.
   LP43148.

 Liberation of Cherry Jankowski.
   LU3673.

 Life for a life.
   LP43282.

 Life in a drop of water.
   MP25014.

 Life is waiting.
   LP43297.

 Life seekers.
   LP43241.

 Life with baby.
   R568205.

 Light.
   MP24916.

 Lightning swords of death.
   LF156.

 Likely story.
   R575636.

 Limestone: Iowa’s buried treasure.
   MP25155

 Limits.
   MP25056.

 Lindenmeyer, Howard J.
   MP25039.

 Lines from an angry book.
   LP43154.

 Linkage editor.
   MP25354.

 Linking sound and symbol: a musician teaches reading readiness.
   MP25341.

 Linklater, Eric.
   LF136.

 Lions.
   LP43527.

 Lipchitz (Jacques) Art Foundation, Inc.
   MP25481.

 Liquids can burn.
   MP24801.

 Lira Films.
   LU3671.

 Lisbon beat.
   LP43385.

 Listener.
   LP42948.

 Little blue penguin.
   MU8996.

 Little Boa Peep.
   LP43130.

 Little Iodine.
   R568607.

 Little Red Ridinghood.
   MP24806.

 Lives and lifestyles.
   MP24984.

 Living in a big way.
   R578943.

 Living Machine at work.
   MP24756.

 Lobel, Lloyd.
   MU8893.

 Loch Ness Investigation Bureau.
   LP43189.

 Locket.
   R570313.

 Loco Lobo.
   R570074.

 Loew’s, Inc.
   R566404.
   R567066.
   R567067.
   R567068.
   R568471.
   R568696.
   R570212.
   R570213.
   R570603.
   R570604.
   R571439.
   R572096.
   R572097.
   R572724.
   R572725.
   R573465.
   R574263.
   R574264.
   R577226 - R577229.
   R577598.
   R578942 - R578945.
   R579955.

 Loma Vista Films, Inc.
   R574926.

 London beat.
   LP43391.

 Lone hand Texan.
   R577561.

 Loner.
   LP43304.

 Lonesome train.
   MP24935.

 Lone wolf in Mexico.
   R570072.

 Long Road Productions.
   LP43628.

 Looters.
   LP43604.

 Lord and King Associates, Inc.
   MP24914.
   MP24915.

 Loser.
   LP43339.

 Lost.
   LP43407.

 Lost and found.
   LP43449.

 Lost heritage.
   R570069.

 Louie gets his licks.
   MP25020.

 Louis Armstrong: 1900–1971.
   MP25087.

 Love and learn.
   R576595.

 Love child.
   LP43158.

 Love is when they say they need you.
   LP43456.

 Love me in December.
   LP43424.

 Low profile combine.
   MP25157.

 Lowry, Ted.
   MP24894.
   MP24895.

 Lucasfilm, Ltd.
   LP43624.

 Luckiest guy in the world.
   R568471.

 Lucy and Andy Griffith.
   LP43518.

 Lucy and Carol Burnett.
   LP43566.

 Lucy and Chuck Connors have a surprise slumber party.
   LP43523.

 Lucy and Danny Thomas.
   LP43510.

 Lucy and Eva Gabor.
   LP43556.

 Lucy and Joan Rivers do jury duty.
   LP43519.

 Lucy and Miss Shelley Winters.
   LP43553.

 Lucy and Phil Harris strike up the band.
   LP43507.

 Lucy and Tennessee Ernie Ford.
   LP43572.

 Lucy and the ex - con.
   LP43564.

 Lucy and the gold rush.
   LP43562.

 Lucy and the great airport chase.
   LP43567.

 Lucy Carter meets Lucille Ball.
   LP43502.

 Lucy fights the system.
   LP43508.

 Lucy gets her man.
   LP43570.

 Lucy gives Eddie Albert the old song and dance.
   LP43517.

 Lucy goes on strike.
   LP43565.

 Lucy helps Craig get a driver’s license.
   LP43573.

 Lucy is a birdsitter.
   LP43504.

 Lucy is N. G. as R. N.
   LP43506.

 Lucy plays cops and robbers.
   LP43511.

 Lucy’s birthday.
   LP43557.

 Lucy sells Craig to Wayne Newton.
   LP43558.

 Lucy’s impossible mission.
   LP43555.

 Lucy’s safari.
   LP43571.

 Lucy’s tenant.
   LP43516.

 Lucy’s working daughter.
   LP43559.

 Lucy the conclusion jumper.
   LP43554.

 Lucy the fixer.
   LP43563.

 Lucy the matchmaker.
   LP43561.

 Lucy the peacemaker.
   LP43512.

 Lucy the process server.
   LP43552.

 Lucy the sheriff.
   LP43503.

 Lucy the shopping expert.
   LP43569.

 Lucy the wealthy widow.
   LP43514.

 Lucy visits Jack Benny.
   LP43551.

 Lys Productions.
   MP25462.


                                   M

 Mackin, Mary.
   MU8902.

 MacKintosh man.
   LP42953.

 MacLaine, Shirley.
   MU9015.

 MacLaine (Shirley) Productions.
   MU9015.

 Maclovia.
   MP24839.

 Macromolecular biosynthesis.
   MP25312 - MP25315.

 Madigan.
   LP43385 - LP43387.
   LP43390 - LP43392.

 Magic balloons.
   LP43065.

 Magic garbage can.
   MP24885.

 Magic land of Mother Goose.
   LU3667.

 Magus Film.
   MP25447.

 Mail dog.
   R578549.

 Major News Library.
   R566187.
   R566188.
   R566924.
   R566925.
   R567527.
   R567767.
   R567768.
   R568370.
   R568652.
   R569926 - R569929.
   R570570 - R570571.
   R570573.
   R570576.
   R570577.
   R572286.
   R572287.
   R572755.
   R572757.
   R572758.
   R573105.
   R573106.
   R573321.
   R573322.
   R573323.
   R574195 - R574198.
   R574924 - R574925.
   R575366 - R575367.
   R576619 - R576622.
   R577329 - R577330.
   R578416 - R578417.
   R579136 - R579139.
   R579724 - R579725.
   R579895 - R579896.

 Male Siblings Film, Ltd. and Associates.
   MU8895.

 Malibu Classic Estate versus Gran Torino Wagon.
   MU8946.

 Malloch, William F.
   MP25181.

 Malpaso Company.
   LP43605.
   LP43621.
   LP43632.

 Management of major resources.
   MP25129.

 Management of supplemental resources.
   MP25130.

 Managerial grid.
   MP25291.
   MP25292.

 Managing in a crisis.
   MP25135.

 Managing the disturbed employee.
   MP25136.

 Man and his world.
   MP24868 - MP24873.
   MP24875 - MP24877.
   MP24912.
   MP25473 - MP25476.

 Man and the land.
   MP25357.

 Man at bay.
   LP43600.

 Manganese.
   MP25230.

 Manhattan beat.
   LP43390.

 Man hunters.
   MP24742.
   MP24745.

 Man I love.
   R571689.

 Man in hiding.
   LP43585.

 Man, monsters and mysteries.
   LP43189.

 Man on a swing.
   LP43354.

 Manufacturing orientation.
   MP25454.

 Man who changed the Navy.
   LP43615.

 Maple sugar farmer.
   MP24802.

 Maps show our earth.
   MP25016.

 Marathon showdown.
   MP25442.

 March of time.
   LP43308 - LP43309.
   MP25402 - MP25412.
   R568205 - R568206.

 Marcus Welby, M. D.
   LP43374.
   LP43396 - LP43398.
   LP43418 - LP43423.
   LP43455 - LP43468.

 Margie.
   R568003.

 Marienberg, Evelyn.
   MP25111.

 Marine science.
   LP42944.

 Marion Laboratories, Inc. Pharmaceutical Division.
   MP25271.

 Marjoe.
   LP43124.

 Mark Crowell’s treachery.
   R567584.

 Marketing functions.
   MP25451.

 Mark of Cain.
   LF151.

 Mark 7, Ltd.
   LP43159 - LP43181.
   LP43187.
   LP43375 - LP43380.
   LP43383 - LP43384.
   LP43388 - LP43389.
   LP43402 - LP43408.
   LP43413.
   LP43415 - LP43417.
   LP43442 - LP43454.

 Marshall Maintenance.
   MP25171.
   MP25379.

 Mars, Inc.
   MP25442.

 Martha.
   MP25480.

 Martin (Burt) Associates.
   LP43344.

 Martin, Marjorie D.
   MU8972.

 Martin, Quinn.
   LP43234 - LP43257.

 Martyr.
   LP43337.

 Martz, Lawrence.
   MU8974.

 Marvin, Donn.
   R574863.

 Marx, Gummo.
   R574926.

 Mary Jane’s boyfriend.
   LP43501.

 Mascot.
   LP43177.

 Mask of Sheba.
   LP43212.

 Master file controls.
   MP25237.

 Matheson, Richard.
   LP43206.

 Mattel Productions, Inc.
   LP43371.

 Matter of indifference.
   MP25134.

 Matter of tomorrow.
   LP43286.

 Matter: spaces between molecules.
   MP25174.

 Matter: weight - mass.
   MP25223.

 Maude.
   LP43610.
   LP43611.

 Mauser Productions, Inc.
   LP43124.

 Mayflower.
   LF143.
   LP43259.

 Mayfly: ecology of an aquatic insect.
   MP24834.

 Mayor comes to dinner.
   MP25334.

 McCloud.
   LP43381.
   LP43382.
   LP43393.
   LP43394.
   LP43395.

 McCracken, Esther.
   LF155.

 McDougal’s Rest Farm.
   R579968.

 McGraw Hill Book Company.
   MP24893.
   MP24894.
   MP24895.
   MP24968.

 McGraw Hill Films.
   MP24893.
   MP24894.
   MP24895.
   MP24968.

 McGraw Hill, Inc.
   MP24893.
   MP24894.
   MP24895.
   MP24968.

 McIntosh, Douglas Lloyd.
   LP43614.

 McKean, Elvira C.
   MP24989.

 McWilliams, Carey.
   MP24896.

 Mead, Jennifer H.
   MP25480.

 Meader, Elaine A.
   MU8937.

 Meader, Frederick P.
   MU8937.

 Meader (Fred) Productions.
   MU8937.

 Mean streets.
   LP43626.

 Meanwhile back at the office.
   LP43505.

 Measurement and statistics.
   MP25336.

 Medcom, Inc.
   MP25428.

 Medical Center.
   LP43272 - LP43274.
   LP43284 - LP43306.
   LP43319.
   LP43321 - LP43343.
   LP43471 - LP43494.
   LP43578 - LP43601.

 Medical Illustration and Audiovisual Education, Baylor College of
    Medicine, Houston. SEE Baylor College of Medicine, Houston. Medical
    Illustration and Audiovisual Education.

 Medical University of South Carolina, Charleston.
   MP25378.

 Medical University of South Carolina, Charleston. Department of
    Psychiatry.
   MP25378.

 Medication and treatment, your child’s eyes.
   MP25119.

 Meet Mister Mischief.
   R570076.

 Meier, Don.
   MP24855 - MP24859.

 Meiosis.
   MP25308.

 Melendez, Bill.
   LP43227.
   LP43627.

 Melody maestro.
   R570399.

 Melody of youth.
   R571695.

 Memoirs of a strawberry.
   MP24804.

 Memory of the park.
   MP24987.

 Mendelson, Lee.
   LP43227.
   LP43627.

 Menkle Services.
   MP25328.
   MP25329.

 Men of two worlds.
   LF126.
   R574817.

 Merrick, David.
   LP43372.

 Mertz, Paul M.
   MU8938.

 Mesa trouble.
   LP43630.

 Metric system.
   MP25389.

 Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.
   LP42938 - LP42941.
   LP42950 - LP42952.
   LP42963 - LP42968.
   LP43099 - LP43100.
   LP43210 - LP43225.
   LP43265 - LP43306.
   LP43318 - LP43343.
   LP43471 - LP43494.
   LP43578 - LP43601.
   LP43619 - LP43620.
   MP24742 - MP24745.
   R566404.
   R567066.
   R567067.
   R567068.
   R568471.
   R568696.
   R570212.
   R570213.
   R570603.
   R570604.
   R571439.
   R572096.
   R572097.
   R572724.
   R572725.
   R573465.
   R574263.
   R574264.
   R577226 - R577229.
   R577598.
   R578942 - R578945.
   R579955.

 Metromedia Producers Corporation.
   LP43203.

 Mexican baseball.
   R579969.

 Mexican or American.
   MP24738.

 M F T lecture [1 - 9]
   MP24959 - MP24967.

 M F T / M V T lecture [1 - 9]
   MP25182 - MP25190.

 MGM-TV.
   LP42941.
   LP42968.
   LP43214 - LP43225.
   LP43266.
   LP43272 - LP43274.
   LP43284 - LP43306.
   LP43319 - LP43343.
   LP43471 - LP43494.
   LP43578 - LP43601.

 Mice.
   LP43532.

 Michigan Farm Bureau.
   MP25357.

 Michigan Kid.
   R572007.

 Michno, Eugeniusz.
   MP8943.

 Mickey and the beanstalk.
   LP43542.

 Mickey Mouse.
   LP43544.

 Mickey’s delayed date.
   R577486.

 Microscope illumination: the light path.
   MP25307.

 Microscopic middlemen.
   MP25479.

 Middle Ages: a wanderer’s guide to life and letters.
   LP43079.

 Middle of a heat wave.
   LP43004.

 Midland Federal Savings and Loan Association, Denver.
   LP43348.

 Midtown beat.
   LP43392.

 Mighty Mouse and the hep cat.
   R572113.

 Mighty Mouse in Aladdin’s lamp.
   R579971.

 Mighty Mouse in Crying “wolf.”
   R572115.

 Mighty Mouse in My old Kentucky home.
   R570608.

 Mighty Mouse in Svengali’s cat.
   R567076.

 Mighty Mouse in The Crackpot king.
   R572111.

 Mighty Mouse in the Dead end cats.
   R579967.

 Mighty Mouse in The Electronic mouse trap.
   R572105.

 Mighty Mouse in The Jail break.
   R572100.

 Mighty Mouse in The Johnstown Flood.
   R572102.

 Mighty Mouse in The Sky is falling.
   R579974.

 Mighty Mouse in The Trojan horse.
   R572103.

 Mighty Mouse in The Wicked wolf.
   R570609.

 Mighty Mouse in Throwing the bull.
   R572108.

 Mighty Mouse in Winning the West.
   R572106.

 Mighty Mouse meets Deadeye Dick.
   R579975.

 Milbaker Productions.
   LP43349.

 Miller on special problems in the older diabetic.
   MP24854.

 Millerson case.
   R578900.

 Millie’s daughter.
   R577559.

 Million dollar misunderstanding.
   LP43499.

 Million dollar roundup.
   LP43382.

 Milton Berle is the life of the party.
   LP43500.

 Mime of Marcel Marceau.
   LP43051.

 Miracle.
   LP43240.

 Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc.
   LP43130 - LP43133.
   LP43137.
   LP43630 - LP43631.
   LP43634 - LP43636.

 Mirisch Corporation of California.
   LP43609.
   LP43633.

 Miss Stewart, sir.
   LP43213.

 Mister Ace.
   R569734.

 Mister District Attorney.
   R572325.

 Mister Hex.
   R578396.

 Mister Majestyk.
   LP43633.

 Mitchell, Mary.
   LF147.

 Mitedos para operar el tractor hydrostatic.
   MP25160.

 Mitochondria in living cells.
   MP25310.

 Mitosis in animal cells.
   MP25297.

 MNP Texize Chemicals Company, division of Morton Norwich Products, Inc.
    SEE Morton Norwich Products, Inc. MNP Texize Chemicals Company.

 Moat monster.
   MP25333.

 Mod, mod Lucy.
   LP43550.

 Mole Bajer, J.
   MP25297.
   MP25301.
   MP25306.
   MP25311.

 Moment of decision.
   LP43273.

 Monaco and Fury versus Impala and Galaxie.
   MP25028.

 Monaco, Impala, Galaxie 500 comparison.
   MP25027.

 Monkey tone news.
   R572005.

 Monogram Pictures Corporation.
   R569472 - R569477.
   R572504 - R572506.
   R574060 - R574061.
   R577411 - R577416.
   R578395 - R578396.
   R579842 - R579843.

 Monogram Publications, Inc.
   MU8909.

 Monte Carlo versus competition.
   MU8948.

 Moonwalk one.
   MP25414.

 Mordi Gassner’s immortal who’s who.
   MU8910.

 More exciting case.
   LP43418.

 Morris, Desmond.
   LP43622.

 Morton Norwich Products, Inc. MNP Texize Chemicals Company.
   MP25323.
   MP25489.

 Mossinson, Yigal.
   LP42940.

 Mother lode.
   LP43228.

 Motion Picture Department, Brigham Young University. SEE Brigham Young
    University, Provo, UT. Motion Picture Department.

 Motion Picture Services, Division of Instructional Communications,
    Western Michigan University. SEE Western Michigan University,
    Kalamazoo. Division of Instructional Communications. Motion Picture
    Services.

 Motion Picture Unit, University of Iowa. SEE University of Iowa, Iowa
    City. Motion Picture Unit.

 Motivision, Ltd.
   LP43349.

 Motors.
   MP24921.
   MP24922.

 Motors Insurance Corporation.
   MP25067.

 Motor system and reflexes, normal and abnormal signs.
   MP25267.

 Mouris, Francis Peter.
   MU8951.
   MU8952.

 Mouse factory.
   LP43524 - LP43547.

 Mouton, Jane Srygley.
   MP25291.
   MP25292.

 Moyer, Martin.
   MP24911.

 Moyer (Martin) Productions.
   MP24911

 Ms.
   MP25413.

 Muggers.
   LP42974.

 Muir.
   LP43233.

 Multimedia Associates, Inc. Educational Innovators Press.
   MP25043 - MP25048.

 Murder.
   LP43220.

 Murder in Movieland.
   LP43283.

 Murder in the slave trade.
   LP43281.

 Murder machine.
   LP43318.

 Murder on the 13th floor.
   LP43269.

 Murdock’s gang.
   LP43202.

 Museum without walls.
   MP25462.

 Musical mania.
   LP43169.

 Musical moments from Chopin.
   R578373.

 Musifilm B. V.
   LU3672.

 Muskrat family.
   MP24760.

 Mutual of Omaha.
   MP24855 - MP24859.
   MP25437 - MP25440.

 Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom.
   MP24855 - MP24859.
   MP25437 - MP25440.

 My darling Clementine.
   R568006.

 Myers, Robert Eugene.
   LP43125.

 My old Kentucky home.
   R570608.

 My Shoes.
   LP43119.

 Mystery in Dracula’s castle.
   LP43191.
   LP43192.

 Mystery of Amelia Earhart.
   LP43360.

 Mystery of Chalk Hill.
   LP43384.

 Mystery of the cosmic ray.
   R572329.

 Mystery of the green feather.
   LP43388.

 Mystery of the white horses.
   R578904.

 Mystery of the yellow rose.
   LP43383.


                                   N

 Naho Enterprises.
   LP43625.

 Naked ape.
   LP43622.

 Naples beat.
   LP43387.

 Narcisenfeld, Harvey.
   MU8907.

 Narcotics Education, Inc.
   LP43344.

 Nashville coyote.
   LP43194.

 National Association of Real Estate Editors.
   MP25415.

 National Broadcasting Company, Inc.
   LP43615.
   LP43616.
   MP25483.

 National Council of Senior Citizens.
   MP24830.

 National District Attorneys Association.
   LP42972 - LP42976.

 National Education Institute.
   LP42972 - LP42976.

 National Fire Protection Association.
   MP25290.

 National Foundation.
   MP24886.

 National Geographic Society.
   MP24740.
   MP24831.
   MP25214 - MP25220.
   MP25482.

 National parks: America’s legacy.
   MP25218.

 National Society for the Prevention of Blindness, Inc., New York.
   MP25227.

 National Student Film Corporation.
   LP43345.

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
   R568607 - R568608.
   R569727 - R569745.

 Nation of human pincushions.
   LP43108.

 Nature of life: living things interact.
   MP25396.

 Nature of life: the living organism.
   MP25397.

 Nature of light.
   MP24891.

 Nature’s colors: the craft of dyeing with plants.
   MP25416.

 Navajo arts and crafts.
   MP24752.

 Navajo girl.
   LP42943.

 NBC mystery movie.
   LP43139.

 NBC News.
   MP25483.

 NBC Sunday mystery movie.
   LP43381 - LP43384.
   LP43388 - LP43389.
   LP43393 - LP43395.

 NBC Wednesday mystery movie.
   LP43385 - LP43387.
   LP43390 - LP43392.
   LP43496 - LP43499.

 Neame, Ronald.
   LF133.

 Necessary end.
   LP43419.

 Neck.
   MP25256.

 Neff, Mort.
   MP24860.

 Neighbor pests.
   R572096.

 Nelson Company.
   LP42972 - LP42976.

 Nerves.
   MU8904.

 Nesting habits of Canada geese.
   MP24793.

 Network design.
   MP24957.

 New American Films, Inc.
   LU3673.

 Newdon Company.
   LP43372.

 New France.
   MP25406.

 Newman Foreman Company.
   LP42953.

 New Mexican connection.
   LP43393.

 New 66 series tractors.
   MF24991.

 News of the day.
   R567417 - R567424.
   R570429 - R570438.
   R572657 - R572664.
   R574062 - R574069.
   R576809 - R576817.
   R578731 - R578739.

 Newspaper story.
   MP24832.

 New 2050A and 1850 loaders.
   MP24990.

 New voices in the South.
   MP25105.

 New York University.
   LP43614.

 Nicholson.
   LP43233.

 Night club boom.
   MP25402.

 Night cry.
   LP43475.

 Night in Casablanca.
   R574926.

 Night in paradise.
   R570569.

 Nightmare trip.
   LP43437.

 Night watch.
   LP43413.

 1974 cars: low speed crash costs.
   MP24937.

 1974 cars: low speed crash costs (foreign models)
   MP25167.

 1974 Chrysler and Plymouth station wagons.
   MP25030.

 1974 cleaner air system.
   MP25023.

 1974 Dodge station wagons.
   MP25031.

 1974 full size car body highlights.
   MP25140.

 Noah Films.
   LP42940.

 Noah’s ark.
   LP43540.

 Nobody loses all the time.
   LP43034.

 Nobody’s children.
   MP25412.

 Nocturne.
   R570315.

 Noise pollution.
   LP43061.

 No margin for error.
   LP43476.

 No medals.
   LF155.

 Nomination of Abraham Lincoln.
   LP43359.

 Nora Prentiss.
   R571692.

 Normal mitosis in plant cells (haemanthus)
   MP25305.

 North Carolina craftsman — Paul Minnis.
   MU8975.

 North Carolina craftsmen.
   MU8975.

 North from Mexico.
   MP24896.

 North Sea islanders.
   MP24871.

 No sanctuary.
   LP43490.

 Nosey, the sweetest skunk in the West.
   LP43198.

 Not just another woman.
   LP42985.

 Notorious.
   R578231.

 Not with a whimper.
   LP43037.

 Nova versus competition and Vega versus competition.
   MU8944.

 No way out.
   LP43492.

 Nowhere child.
   LP43342.

 Now is no more—A. J.’s family.
   MU8905.

 Now your injector.
   MP25049.

 Nurses wild.
   LP43182.


                                   O

 O’Brien’s stand.
   LP43448.

 Observation system - improving instruction.
   MP25043.

 Occlusive arterial disease.
   MP25258.

 Ocelots — den and cubs.
   MP24777.

 O’Connor, Rod.
   MP25293 - MP25296.
   MP25303 - MP25304.
   MP25459.

 Odd lot caper.
   LP43049.

 Odd man out.
   R578287.

 Ode to nature.
   MP24909

 O’Donnell, Robert H.
   MP24914.
   MP24915.

 Odyssey Pictures Corporation.
   LP43352.

 Office of Education, United States. SEE United States. Office of
    Education.

 Officer training.
   MP24931.
   MP24932.
   MP24933.

 Offshore Productions.
   MP25040.

 Often and familiar ghost.
   LP43410.

 O’Hara, United States Treasury.
   LP43229.
   LP43231.

 Ohio Farm Bureau Federation, Inc.
   MP25357.

 Old Pueblo Enterprises.
   MP25293 - MP25296.
   MP25459.

 Old Pueblo Films.
   MP25303.
   MP25304.

 Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation. SEE General Motors
    Corporation. Oldsmobile Division.

 Oliver Twist.
   LF146.

 Ollinger’s last case.
   LP43399.

 Omnicom Productions, Inc.
   LP43123.

 Once a jolly swagman.
   LF141.

 Once the ferns.
   LP42978.

 Once upon a dream.
   LF139.

 O’Neill, Eugene.
   LP42935.

 One meat brawl.
   R571693.

 One Monday morning.
   LP42980.

 One that got away.
   LP43026.

 On - Line Software, Inc.
   MP25127 - MP25131.

 On Scene Cine Films.
   MP25357.

 On the road with Charles Kuralt.
   MP25100.

 On the shores of Nova Scotia.
   R578945.

 Operating systems concepts.
   MP24940.

 Operating systems features.
   MP24942.

 Operational considerations.
   MP24956.

 Operation quickfind.
   MP25438.

 Operation: Time fuse.
   LP43229.

 Operation: Wastepaper world.
   LP43231.

 Op - Op the eskimo and the igloos of OOmy.
   LU3664.

 Optical isomers.
   MP25316.

 Optimists.
   LP42936.

 Optimists of Nine Elms.
   LP42936.

 Ordeal of a President.
   LP43363.

 Order in the house.
   LP43057.

 Organization.
   LP43237.

 Organization controls in EDP systems.
   MP25239.

 Organization for Tropical Studies.
   MP24969 - MP24974.

 Orientation and overview.
   MP25449.

 Origins of man.
   MP24742 - MP24745.

 Orson Welles tonight.
   MP24878.
   MP24880.

 Ortho Diagnostics.
   MP25355.

 Ortho Pharmaceutical Corporation.
   MP24848.

 Ortho Pharmaceutical Corporation.
   SEE Ortho Diagnostics.

 Osborn, John Jay, Jr.
   LP43261.

 OS overview.
   MP24940 - MP24945.

 OS / VSJCL differences.
   MP25132.

 Other half of the sky, a China memoir.
   MU9015.

 Other Martin Loring.
   LP43423.

 Other side of the coin.
   LP43022.

 Our way of life.
   MP25278.

 Our wonderful body: how we keep fit.
   MP25391.

 Our wonderful body: medicines, drugs and poisons.
   MP25395.

 Out California way.
   R568605.

 Outcast.
   LP43489.

 Outdoor play: a motivating force for learning.
   MP25165.

 Outlaw of the plains.
   R569735.

 Out West.
   R578428.

 Overland riders.
   R569733.

 Overnight.
   MU9004.

 Over the Santa Fe Trail.
   R572338.

 Overview.
   MP25162.

 Owczarzak, Alfred F.
   MP25297.
   MP25310.

 Owen Marshall, counselor at law.
   LP43140 - LP43158.
   LP43409 - LP43412.

 Oz. of Prevention.
   MP25338.
   MP25339.


                                   P

 Pace Films Productions.
   MP25272.

 Pal, Laszlo.
   MP25040.

 Palmer, Patrick.
   LP43310.

 Palomar Pictures International, Inc.
   LP43208.

 Pamar, Inc.
   MP25180.

 Panasia.
   LP42939.

 P and A facilities.
   MU9007.

 P and A inventory management.
   MU9006.

 Pandora’s box.
   MP25108.

 Paper chase.
   LP43261.

 Papua and New Guinea.
   MP24875.

 Paramount news.
   R566187.
   R566188.
   R566924.
   R566925.
   R567527.
   R567767.
   R567768.
   R568370.
   R568652.
   R569926 - R569929.
   R570570 - R570571.
   R570573.
   R570577.
   R572286.
   R572287.
   R572755.
   R572757.
   R572758.
   R573105.
   R573106.
   R573321 - R573323.
   R574195 - R574198.
   R574924 - R574925.
   R575366 - R575367.
   R576619 - R576622.
   R577329 - R577330.
   R578416 - R578417.
   R579136 - R579139.
   R579724 - R579725.
   R579895 - R579896.

 Paramount Pictures Corporation.
   LP42937.
   LP43354 - LP43355.

 Paramount Pictures Corporation. Paramount Television.
   LP43550 - LP43573.

 Paramount Pictures, Inc.
   R566187.
   R566188.
   R566924.
   R566925.
   R567527.
   R567767.
   R567768.
   R568370.
   R568652.
   R569926 - R569929.
   R570570 - R570571.
   R570573.
   R570577.
   R572286.
   R572287.
   R572755.
   R572757.
   R572758.
   R573105.
   R573106.
   R573321 - R573323.
   R573497.
   R574027 - R574034.
   R574195 - R574198.
   R574924.
   R574925.
   R575366.
   R575367.
   R576594.
   R576619 - R576622.
   R577329 - R577330.
   R578383.
   R578390.
   R578392.
   R578416 - R578417.
   R579136 - R579139.
   R579724 - R579725.
   R579895 - R579896.

 Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures Corporation. SEE
    Paramount Pictures Corporation. Paramount Television.

 Parent counseling child care system.
   MP25168.

 Park Avenue beat.
   LP43386.

 Park Avenue rustlers.
   LP43395.

 Participative problem solving skills.
   MP25423.

 Parts and accessories facilities.
   MU9007.

 Parts and accessories inventory management.
   MU9006.

 Part time pal.
   R572724.

 Pass.
   MP24915.

 Passage to Helena.
   LP42990.

 Pastorale.
   R574863.

 Patio museum.
   R578362.

 Patriotic music: its influence on United States history, 1775 - 1900.
   MP24799.

 Patrol procedures, 1 — violent crimes.
   MP24933.

 Patterson, Donald D.
   MP25114.

 Paul, Rodrick.
   LP43261.

 Paul Revere’s ride.
   LP43366.

 Pawn.
   LP43340.

 Peacemaker.
   LP43238.

 Peace pipe.
   LP43163.

 Peace time football.
   R572099.

 Peach Enterprises, Inc.
   MP25484.

 Pearlstone Film Company.
   MP25478.

 Pedestrian.
   MP24750.

 Peiser, Judy.
   MP25277.

 Pelican pranks.
   R572016.

 Penguins.
   LP43530.

 Penn - Pacific Corporation. Sidaris Company.
   MP24847.

 Pentagon.
   LF127.
   LF132.
   LF135.
   LF137.

 Peregrinations Film Holding, Ltd.
   MU8894.

 Perfection of vices.
   LP43584.

 Personal safety.
   MP25233.

 Perspective Films, a division of Esquire, Inc. SEE Esquire, Inc.
    Perspective Films.

 Perugia, Luciano.
   LP42961.

 Peters, Brock.
   LP43138.

 Peters, Norman C.
   MP25488.

 Petersen Company.
   LP43138.

 Pet peeves.
   R579955.

 Pfizer, Inc.
   MP25125.
   MP25154.
   MP25169.
   MP25324.
   MP25385.
   MP25386.
   MP25417.
   MP25427.

 Phantom of Hollywood.
   LP43210.

 Pharmaceutical Division, Marion Laboratories, Inc. SEE Marion
    Laboratories, Inc. Pharmaceutical Division.

 Phillips, Robert J.
   MP25062.

 Phony express.
   LP43131.

 Phos: The Light.
   MP24916.

 Phototaxis in amoeba and euglena SP.
   MP25301.

 Physical and chemical properties of the elements.
   MP25228 - MP25231.

 Physical diagnosis.
   MP25254 - MP25268.

 Physical properties.
   MP25228.
   MP25231.

 Physiological and behavioral effects of noise.
   MP24800.

 Piece of God.
   LP43147.

 Pierce, Albert L.
   MP25042.

 Pierce, Charles B.
   LP43576.

 Pierce (Charles B.) Advertising and Productions, Inc.
   LP43576.

 Pilgrim lady.
   R568604.

 Pillar, David.
   LP43228.

 Pine marten getting food.
   MP24769.

 Pine squirrel: mother and young.
   MP24788.

 Pinewood Films, Ltd.
   LF133.
   LF134.
   LF135.
   LF143.

 Pinter, Harold.
   LP42934.

 Pit.
   LP43236.

 Pitfall.
   LP43578.

 Place of our own.
   MP25415.

 Plainsman and the lady.
   R568606.

 Plankton to fish: a food cycle.
   MP25457.

 Plantations of Louisiana.
   MP24976.

 Plastics.
   MP25275.
   MP25276.

 Plaut, Walter.
   MP25298.
   MP25307.

 Playboy Productions, Inc.
   LP43622.

 Playground in the zoo.
   MU8995.

 Plea.
   LP42975.

 Please don’t send flowers.
   LP43463.

 Pluto.
   LP43536.

 Poetry for fun - dares and dreams.
   MP25064.

 Poet’s pub.
   LF136.

 Point of proof 800 series cornhead.
   MP25156.

 Point of proof low profile combine.
   MP25157.

 Point of proof rotary cultivators.
   MP25159.

 Point of proof 345 spring tooth harrow.
   MP25158.

 Political animal.
   MP25138.

 Pollution Control Education Center, Township of Union Public Schools.
    SEE Union Township (NJ) Public Schools. Pollution Control Education
    Center.

 Polo.
   R570079.

 Polymorph Films, Inc.
   MP24983 - MP24986.

 Polynesia.
   MP25219.

 Ponicsan, Darryl.
   LP43260.

 Poolside hands.
   MU9009.

 Portafilms.
   LP43126.
   MP24862.
   MP24938.
   MP24939.

 Possessed.
   LP43234.

 Potpourri.
   MP25282.

 Power steering problems and diagnosis.
   MP25146.

 Prairie badmen.
   R569730.

 Prairie raiders.
   R578899.

 P. R. C. Pictures, Inc.
   R569727 - R569733.
   R569735 - R569745.

 Predators and prey of the forest.
   MP24779.

 Pressure point.
   LP43494.

 Preventing laboratory accidents.
   MP25294.

 Price of a life.
   LP43052.

 Primal man.
   MP25445.

 Primary Medical Communications, Inc.
   MP24796.

 Principles of virtual storage.
   MP25133.

 Priority one: environment — water pollution, distillation of water.
   MP25494.

 Problem.
   LP43159.

 Problem drinkers.
   MP25405.

 Problem with Charlie.
   LP43421.

 Processing controls.
   MP25238.

 Produ Film Company.
   LU3669.

 Produzioni DeLaurentiis Intermaco, S. P. A.
   LP43351.

 Professional.
   LP43288.

 Professor.
   LP43171.

 Program design and task management.
   MP24941.

 Programmed for panic.
   LP43432.

 Programming concepts.
   MP24954.

 Programming efficiency.
   MP25433.

 Project Concern, Inc.
   MP24917.

 Project 7, Inc.
   MP24893.

 Project Washoe.
   MP25170.

 Prophet.
   LP43253.

 Proprioceptive and sensory systems, normal and abnormal signs.
   MP25259.

 Prostaglandins: tomorrow’s physiology.
   LP43123.

 Protein translation.
   MP25314.

 Psychiatry learning system.
   MP25378.

 Psychological Skills Development Corporation.
   MP25425.

 Psynfac Corporation.
   MP25488.

 Public Communication Foundation for North Texas, Dallas.
   MP25413.

 Public image.
   LP43303.

 Publicity hound.
   LP43183.

 Public Media, Inc.
   MP24868 - MP24877.
   MP25473.
   MP25475.

 Pupil centered classroom — elementary.
   MP25364.

 Purge of madness.
   LP43114.

 Pursued.
   LP43242.
   R576618.


                                   Q

 Q - ED Productions, Inc.
   LP43127.

 QM Productions.
   LP42987 - LP43046.
   LP43234 - LP43257.

 Quality of fear.
   LP43112.

 Queen of burlesque.
   R569727.

 Queens College, Flushing, NY.
   MP25165.

 Queen’s gambit.
   LP42964.

 Quest.
   MP24902.

 Question of guilt.
   LP43471.

 Quiet campus.
   MU8993.


                                   R

 Raack, R. C.
   MP25181.

 Rabbit transit.
   R567286.

 Raccoon family.
   MP24775.

 Raccoon getting food.
   MP24787.

 Raccoon survival techniques.
   MP24785.
   MP24786.

 Radioactive fission.
   MP25177.

 Radioactivity.
   MP25176.

 Radnitz, Robert B.
   LP43371.

 Rainbow over the Rockies.
   R579842.

 Ramsey (Hec) Productions.
   LP43383.
   LP43384.
   LP43388.
   LP43389.

 Ramsgate Films.
   MP24906.

 Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.
   R568515.
   R574816 - R574819.
   R578285 - R578288.
   R578604 - R578605.

 Rasch, Arthur Robert.
   MU8975.

 Razor’s edge.
   R568008.

 Reaching out.
   MP25342.

 Read.
   LP43073.

 Reader’s Digest Association, Inc.
   LP43233.

 Reader’s theater — secondary.
   MP25372.

 Reading activities.
   MP25375.

 Reading skills series, no. 3.
   MP25269.
   MP25270.

 Ready.
   LP43074.

 Ready, set, read.
   LP43073.
   LP43074.
   LP43075.

 Really important person.
   R567066.

 Rebel in white.
   LP43292.

 Record party.
   R578384.

 Record ride for the pony express.
   LP43367.

 Red bicycle.
   LP43054.

 Red fury.
   R574038.

 Red hot rangers.
   R577229.

 Redinger, Donald M.
   MU8950.

 Reducers and gearmotors.
   MP24920.

 Reese, John.
   LP43604.

 Reischauer on Asia.
   MP25106.

 Reluctant dragon.
   LP43543.

 Reluctant widow.
   LF131.

 Rembrandt.
   MP25154.

 Render safe.
   LP43406.

 Repairs to air conditioning condensers.
   MP25067.

 Repix, Inc.
   R568600 - R568606.

 Reptiles.
   MP25216.

 Republic Productions, Inc.
   R5686OO - R568606.

 Requiem for young lovers.
   LP43140.

 Respiratory problems.
   MP25118.

 Reston on China: a conversation with Eric Sevareid.
   MP25094.

 Restricted rotation around carbon — carbon double bonds.
   MP25317.

 Retribution.
   R578898.

 Return.
   MP25460.

 Return of Monte Cristo.
   R567583.

 Reward and punishment.
   MP25358.

 Rewards of rewarding.
   LP42959.

 Rhumba holiday.
   R572017.

 Riata.
   LP43118.

 Rice, Elmer.
   LP43549.

 Rich man / poor man.
   MP24980.

 Richmond Humanities Center.
   MP25441.

 Richmond Public Schools. Art Department.
   MP25441.

 Riddle me death.
   LP43436.

 Rigging—use of wire rope slings.
   MP25379.

 Right in the middle of the season.
   LP43046.

 Right to know.
   MP24884.

 Rio Grande raiders.
   R568600.

 Rip off.
   LP42976.
   LP43175.

 Rise of industrial America.
   MP24840.

 RKO General, Inc.
   R570311 - R570317.
   R575630 - R575636.

 RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
   R570311 - R570317.
   R575630 - R575636.
   R578231.
   R578233.

 RNA transcription.
   MP25315.

 Rock, Joe.
   LP42970.

 Rocom Parentaid film system.
   MP25115 - MP25124.
   MP25168.

 Rohauer, Raymond.
   LP42970.
   LP43353.
   LP43608.
   R566189.
   R570574.
   R575036.

 Roizman, Morrie.
   LP43308.
   LP43309.

 Rojo.
   LP43209.

 Role enactment in children’s play, a developmental overview.
   MP25330.

 Role of the interest group leader.
   MP25139.

 Roller chain.
   MP24926.

 Rolle’s theorem and the mean value theorem.
   MP25055.

 Rolling tissue.
   MP25169.

 Rollins, Jack.
   LP43135.

 Rollins (Jack) and Charles H. Joffe Productions.
   LP43135.

 Romance of Rosy Ridge.
   R577228.

 Rosamond Productions, Inc.
   LP43618.

 Rosen, Barry.
   MP24885.

 Rosen - Dickerson. SEE Dickerson, Randolph; Rosen, Barry.

 Rotary cultivators.
   MP25159.

 Rotary motion.
   MP25225.

 Rotation and conformation.
   MP25320.

 Roundtable Productions, Inc.
   LP42959.
   LP42960.

 Roy (Ross) Inc.
   MP25021 - MP25036.
   MP25140 - MP25146.
   MP25321 - MP25322.
   MP25400 - MP25401.

 Ruggles, Griff.
   MP25164.

 Runaway.
   LP43274.

 Running scared.
   LP42998.

 Running smooth: a guide to lubrication.
   MP25472.

 Run the man down.
   LP43023.

 Russo, John.
   LU3673.

 Rymarkiewicz, W., pseud. SEE Schindler, Gordon.


                                   S

 Saddled.
   LP43164.

 Saddle soap opera.
   LP43631.

 Saddle up.
   R573502.

 Safety in the laboratory.
   MP25232.
   MP25233.
   MP25234.

 Safety Razor Division, the Gillette Company. SEE Gillette Company.
    Safety Razor Division.

 Sagittarius Productions, Inc.
   LP42936.
   LP42937.

 Saint Regis Films, Inc.
   LP43267.

 Salty, the hijacked harbor seal.
   LP43196.

 Sandy (Bill) Company, Inc.
   MU8944 - MU8949.
   MU8987 - MU8990.
   MU9006 - MU9007.

 Sanford.
   LP43260.

 Sanford Productions, Inc.
   LP43609.

 San Quentin.
   R570316.

 Santa Ana Unified School District, CA.
   MU8939.
   MU8940.

 Santa Clara County Health Department (CA)
   MP24735.

 Santa Fe Federal Savings and Loan Association, San Bernardino, CA.
   MP25326.
   MP25327.

 Santa Fe Federal Savings and Loan Association supersavers club
    promotional spot.
   MP25326.
   MP25327.

 Santa Fe uprising.
   R568602.

 Saparoff, Albert.
   MP24799.

 Saparoff Films, Inc. Dana Productions.
   MP24799.

 Sarah’s war.
   LU3665.

 Satellite and Charger/Coronet versus Chevelle and Torino.
   MP25032.

 Satellite Chevelle and Torino comparison.
   MP25026.

 Satiric eye.
   LP43094.

 Saucer.
   LP43245.

 Saugatuck Productions.
   MU8994.
   MU8995.
   MU8996.

 Savage image.
   LP43601.

 Savage sentry.
   LP43431.

 Savage street.
   LP42989.

 Savers scrip.
   LP43348.

 Say it — moving.
   MP24842.

 Say it with Celia.
   MP25281.

 Scad Promotions, Inc.
   MP24830.

 Scandal in Paris.
   R573324.

 Scans Associates, Inc.
   MU9010.

 Scans short test engine evaluation system.
   MU9010.

 Scent - imental over you.
   R576596.

 Schiller, Thomas Bennett.
   MP24853.

 Schiller (Tom) Films.
   MP24853.

 Schindler, Gordon.
   MU8909.

 School Board of Broward County, Florida. Instructional Television
    Center.
   MP25281.
   MP25282.

 School day in Japan.
   MP24874.

 School days.
   LP43403.

 School of Health Related Professions, Department of Child Development
    and Child Care, University of Pittsburgh. SEE University of
    Pittsburgh. School of Health Related Professions. Department of
    Child Development and Child Care.

 Schulz (Charles M.) Creative Associates.
   LP43227.
   LP43627.

 Schwarz (Jack) Productions.
   R572753.

 Science and Medicine Films, a division of Science and Medicine
    Publishing Company, Inc. SEE Science and Medicine Publishing
    Company, Inc. Science and Medicine Films.

 Science and Medicine Publishing Company, Inc. Science and Medicine
    Films.
   MP24854.

 Scienterrifictime with the Peripatetic Professor.
   MU8939.

 Scientificom, division of LaRue Communications, Inc. SEE LaRue
    Communications, Inc. Scientificom.

 Scientificom, division of Mervin W. LaRue Films, Inc. SEE LaRue (Mervin
    W.) Films, Inc. Scientificom.

 Scooper dooper.
   R572334.

 Scream of silence.
   LP43593.

 Screen Gems, Inc.
   R570074.
   R570075.
   R572337.
   R572339.
   R577570.
   R577571.

 Screen Gems, Inc. Learning Company of America.
   LP43065.
   LP43066.

 Screen snapshots.
   R567591.
   R570080.
   R572344.
   R577575.
   R578422.
   R578905.

 Screentest.
   MU8952.

 Scripts “A.”
   MP25081.

 Scripts “B.”
   MP25080.

 Scrubbing.
   MP25386.

 Sea lion colony surfing.
   MP24761.

 Seance.
   LP43174.

 Search for the Goddess of Love.
   MP25085.

 Seasons of a craftsman.
   MU9005.

 Secondari (John H.) Productions.
   LP43312 - LP43317.

 Second chance.
   LP43285.

 Second sight.
   LP43032.

 Secret.
   LP43323.

 Secret heritage.
   LP43582.

 Secret of the treasure.
   R570067.

 Secret room.
   R577568.

 Secrets of a sorority girl.
   R569732.

 See better: healthy eyes.
   MP24890.

 Seed of doubt.
   LP43409.

 See ’n tell series.
   MP24874.

 Sell from strength.
   MP25024.

 Selling, Bernard.
   MP24738.

 Selling showcase.
   MP25477.

 Sell your product, sell yourself.
   MP25143.

 Semi vowel rule.
   MP25269.

 Senator.
   MP25447.

 Sendak, Maurice.
   LP42984.

 Senior management report to retail.
   MU8990.

 Sense of pride.
   MU8987.

 Separate vacations.
   LP43218.

 Serpico.
   LP43047.

 Service program extensions and JCL differences.
   MP25431.

 Service supremacy program.
   MU8987.
   MU8989.
   MU9006.
   MU9007.

 Set.
   LP43075.

 Set fire to a straw man.
   LP43011.

 Setton.
   LF143.

 Seven ravens.
   LP43097.

 Seven ups.
   LP43262.

 Sexual fantasies, U. S. A.
   MP25446.

 Sexuality in the medical school curriculum.
   MP24848.

 Shadow of a swan.
   LP43039.

 Shadow soldiers.
   LP43441.

 Shadows on the range.
   R569477.

 Shadows over Chinatown.
   R569474.

 Shaft.
   LP43268.
   LP43271.
   LP43275 - LP43278.
   LP43318.

 Shakespeare: a mirror to man.
   LP43081.

 Sharp edge of chivalry.
   LP43031.

 Sharpest edge.
   LP43301.

 Shattered man.
   LP43335.

 Shattered silence.
   LP43027.

 Shearing, Joseph.
   LF151.

 Shelby, Dennis.
   MP24989.

 Shelter: almost anyone can build a house.
   LP43076.

 Shirts/skins.
   LP42938.
   LP43620.

 Shock.
   LP43319.
   LP43343.

 Shocking Miss Pilgrim.
   R568010.

 Short cuts.
   MU9013.

 Short spots.
   MU9013.

 Shout of triumph.
   MU9016.

 Show biz.
   LP43161.

 Showdown.
   MP25442.

 Showdown at the end of the world.
   LP43381.

 Shulevitz, Uri.
   LP42980.

 Sidaris Company, a subsidiary of Penn - Pacific Corporation. SEE Penn -
    Pacific Corporation. Sidaris Company.

 Siegel.
   LP43604.

 Siege of the Alamo.
   LP43358.

 Sigh no more, lady.
   LP43146.

 Silberg, Yoel.
   LP42940.

 Silver, Michael.
   MU8993.

 Silver fox — competition among males.
   MP24766.

 Silver fox den and pups.
   MP24767.

 Silver fox hunting for prey.
   MP24765.

 Silver range.
   R577415.

 Silver sulfadiazine: a pharmacological profile of a new topical
    antimicrobial agent.
   MP25271.

 Simmons, Anthony.
   LP42936.

 S I M Productions, Inc.
   LP43232.

 Sinbad the Sailor.
   R570314.

 Singer, Isaac Bashevis.
   LP43121.

 Singing barbers.
   R570411.

 Singin’ in the corn.
   R567581.

 Single venturi carburetors.
   MP25401.

 Sir Johnny on the spot.
   MP25325.

 Sittin’ on top of the world: at the fiddlers convention.
   MU8992.

 Siu Mei Wong: who shall I be.
   LP43083.

 Sixty minutes.
   MP25101.
   MP25102.
   MP25103.

 Skein.
   MP25384.

 Skeletal and topographic anatomy.
   MU8998.

 Skirball Manning Productions, Inc.
   R570416.

 Skolsky party.
   R567591.

 Sky is falling.
   R579974.

 Slater, Montagu.
   LF141.

 Slaves’s story: running a thousand miles to freedom.
   LP43088.

 Slayden (James) Associates.
   MU9010.

 Sleeper.
   LP43135.

 Slick hare.
   R569648.

 Slither.
   LP43265.

 Small group discussion — secondary.
   MP25369.

 Small group improvisation — elementary.
   MP25362.

 Small group improvisation — secondary.
   MP25375.

 Small group writing — elementary.
   MP25376.

 Small group writing — secondary.
   MP25374.

 Smell brain and ancient cortex: rhinencephalon.
   MU9014.

 Smithsonian adventure.
   MP25085.

 Smithsonian Institution.
   MP25085.

 Smoked hams.
   R578358.

 Smoky.
   R568002.

 Snowbound.
   R578286.

 Snow man.
   R572110.

 Social security number contest.
   MU8912.

 So goes my love.
   R570416.

 Soil Research Laboratory, Iowa State University, Ames. SEE Iowa State
    University of Science and Technology, Ames. Soil Research
    Laboratory.

 Sol.
   MP25380.

 Solari, Tom.
   MP24829.

 Solari Carr Productions.
   MP24829.

 Soldier of fortune.
   LP42950.

 Sole survivor.
   LP43129.

 So long at the fair.
   LF138.

 So long, Charley.
   LP42952.

 Someone with authority.
   MP25145.

 Some people in a park.
   LP43143.

 Something better.
   MP25488.

 Sometimes tough is good.
   LP43411.

 Song of Scheherazade.
   R572008.

 Song of the Sierras.
   R577416.

 Sonnets: Shakespeare’s moods of love.
   LP43087.

 Son of the guardsman.
   R567579.
   R567584.
   R567586.
   R567588.
   R570066 - R570069.
   R570071.

 Sons of courage.
   R568017.

 Sorenson, Don L.
   MP25336.

 Sound motion picture about decibels.
   MU8973.

 Sounds Unlimited Recording Company, Inc.
   MP24913.

 Source data controls.
   MP25235.

 Southern California Rock Products and Ready Mixed Concrete
    Associations.
   MP25226.

 Southern exposures.
   MP25099.

 South of Monterey.
   R569472.

 South of the Chisholm Trail.
   R570070.

 Soviets’ neighbor, Czechoslovakia.
   MP25410.

 Space allocation and cataloging.
   MP24945.

 Spaced vision.
   MP24803.

 Space ship.
   R577558.

 Spain: a journey with Washington Irving.
   MP25215.

 Special kind of matter.
   MP25356.

 Special person.
   LP43400.

 Special Pictures, Inc.
   R572754.

 Spider and the fly.
   LF143.

 Spikes Gang.
   LP43609.

 Spinrad, Warren J.
   MU9013.

 Sponge cleaning emphasis.
   MP24978.

 Sponge cleaning rev. 2.
   MP24977.

 Spook busters.
   R572504.

 Spores.
   LP43250.

 Sports parade.
   R573501.

 Sprague, Peter J.
   LU3669.

 Spree, Lothar.
   LU3665.

 Spring, Howard.
   LF154.

 Square pegs — round holes.
   MP24934.

 Squibb (E. R.) and Sons, Inc.
   MP24796.

 Sssssss.
   LP43102.

 Stabilization: holding the roads.
   MP24845.

 Stairway to heaven.
   R568515.

 Stalking the wild cranberry: the making of a TV commercial.
   MP24828.

 Stallion road.
   R576592.

 Stan Kenton and orchestra.
   R567288.

 Star garden.
   MP25383.

 Stars over Texas.
   R569745.

 Starting over again.
   LP43153.

 Starting school.
   MP24835.

 Steppenwolf, for madmen only.
   LU3669.

 Stereotyped motor mechanisms: extrapyramidal system.
   MU9008.

 S / 360 disk operating system.
   MP25343 - MP25354.

 S / 360 operating system core dump[s]
   MP24959 - MP24967.
   MP25182 - MP25190.

 S / 360 operating system, operations operator training.
   MP25191 - MP25201.
   MP25436.

 Sting.
   LP43548.

 Stone (Andrew) Enterprises.
   R577971.

 Stone (Andrew) Enterprises, Inc.
   R577972.

 Storer Broadcasting Company.
   LU3670.

 Storm warning.
   R570412.

 Story, a story.
   LP42979.

 Story of weights and measures.
   MP25388.

 Story theater.
   MP25361.

 Strange journey.
   R568012.

 Stranger in the mirror.
   LP43012.

 Stravinsky, Igor.
   MP25066.

 Streiner, Russell W.
   LU3673.

 Stroke of genius.
   LP42997.

 Strokes.
   MP25082.

 Structural and geometric isomers.
   MP25318.

 Structure and stereochemistry.
   MP25299 - MP25300.
   MP25316 - MP25320.
   MP25398 - MP25399.

 Structure of the human skull.
   MU8998.

 Student centered classroom.
   MP25360.

 Style of the stars.
   R573496.

 Substitute womb.
   LP43110.

 Suddenly it’s spring.
   R574033.

 Sullivan, Cynthia M.
   MU8936.

 Summer trails.
   R568018.

 Summit meeting.
   LP43252.

 Sun up.
   MP25491.

 Super cops.
   LP43267.

 Superdad.
   LP43200.

 Supervisor.
   MP25350.

 Support and processing.
   MP24943.

 Surprise.
   LP43453.

 Susie steps out.
   R568608.

 Suspected.
   LP43338.

 Suspended.
   LP43378.

 Sutherland, John.
   MP25168.

 Sutherland Learning Associates.
   MP25115 - MP25124.

 Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc.
   LP42944.
   LP42945.
   LP42946.

 Sutro, John.
   LF126.

 Sutro TV tower phenomenon.
   MU8972.

 Sutton, Sandra.
   MU8992.

 Svengali’s cat.
   R567076.

 Swans of Red Rock Lakes.
   MP24855.
   MP24856.

 Swell guy.
   R570398.

 Symphony of psalms.
   MP25066.

 Symphony sound with Henry Lewis and the Royal Philharmonic.
   LP43084.

 Syndrome.
   LP43173.

 System flow.
   MP25131.

 System 370 I / O device overview.
   MP25240.


                                   T

 Tales that witness madness.
   LP42962.

 Talking bottles.
   MP25324.

 Talking magpies in The Intruders.
   R579972.

 Tandem Productions, Inc.
   LP43610.
   LP43611.

 Taplin Perry Scorsese Productions.
   LP43626.

 Task force.
   LP43257.

 Taste of tomorrow.
   LP43000.

 Taylor, Richard.
   MP24877.

 Taylor polynomials.
   MP25053.

 Teacher self appraisal.
   MP25043 - MP25048.

 Teacher self appraisal observation system: a technique for improving
    instruction.
   MP25043.

 Teaching Films, Inc., division of AV Corporation. SEE AV Corporation.
    Teaching Films, Inc.

 Teaching sign language to the Chimpanzee Washoe.
   MP25170.

 Techniques of arrest, 1.
   MP24931.

 Teenage pajama party.
   MP24850.

 Tel - a - Train, Inc.
   MP24918 - MP24928.
   MP25274.

 Telecommunications access method.
   MP24958.

 Teleketics.
   MP24901.
   MP24916.

 Telemated Motion Pictures.
   MP24968.

 Tele-Pac, Inc.
   R572753.
   R572754.
   R573324.

 Temperature.
   MP25120.

 Temple University, Philadelphia. Department of Radio-TV-Film.
   MP25418.

 Tennis by progression.
   MP24908.

 Tennis wizards.
   R577572.

 Ten thousand pieces of silver.
   LP43018.

 Terminal career.
   LP43117.

 Terror.
   LP43322.

 Terrors on horseback.
   R569731.

 TerryToons, Inc.
   R567076 - R567077.
   R570608 - R570610.
   R572099 - R572115.
   R579967 - R579975.

 Tex Beneke and the Glenn Miller Orchestra.
   R570400.

 Thanks a plenty boss.
   LP42959 - LP42960.

 Thanks for the honeymoon.
   LP42947.

 Thanks for the Sabbath school.
   MP24989.

 That man Bolt.
   LP43603.

 That way with women.
   R573498.

 Theirs is the glory.
   LF128.
   R574818.

 There goes the ballgame.
   LP43025.

 There has to be an answer.
   MP25321.

 There was an old woman.
   LP42951.

 They call her One Eye.
   LP43347.

 They made a difference.
   LP43190.

 They’re attacking my tree fort.
   LP43312.

 They’ve got to blame somebody.
   LP43412.

 Thieves like us.
   LP43311.

 Think metric.
   MP25389.

 Thirteenth hour.
   R577564.

 Thirty five-System.
   LP43226.

 3211 printer.
   MP25245.

 3270 information display system.
   MP25241.

 3330 disk storage drive.
   MP25246.

 3410 magnetic tape unit.
   MP25243.

 3420 magnetic tape unit.
   MP25242.

 3505 card reader.
   MP25244.

 3525 card punch.
   MP25247.

 This is my glory.
   MP24899.

 This’ll kill you.
   LP42996.

 Thomasine and Bushrod.
   LP43356.

 Thompson (Francis) Inc.
   MP25414.

 Thompson (J. Walter) Company.
   MP25049.
   MP25050.
   MU8971.

 Thompson, Robert C.
   LP43261.

 Thousands and thousands of miles.
   LP43300.

 Thousand suns.
   MP25429.

 Three cheers for little boy blue.
   LP43007.

 345 spring tooth harrow.
   MP25158.

 Three little girls in blue.
   R568007.

 Three little pirates.
   R567587.

 Three plus you.
   MP25279.

 370 I / O device operations.
   MP25240 - MP25247.

 Three tough guys.
   LP43351.

 Thrills of music.
   R567592.
   R570078.
   R572342.
   R577574.
   R578906.

 Throne at stake.
   R567588.

 Throwing the bull.
   R572108.

 Thunderbolt and Lightfoot.
   LP43632.

 Thunderstorm.
   LP43066.

 Thyroid today: an endocrine update.
   MP25428.

 Tidyman, Ernest.
   LP43268.
   LP43271.
   LP43275 - LP43278.
   LP43318.

 Tightrope to tomorrow.
   LP43103.

 Time bomb in the chest.
   LP43109.

 Time fuse.
   LP43229.

 Time, Inc.
   LP43307 - LP43309.
   MP24733.
   MP23402 - MP25412.
   R568205 - R568206.

 Time Life Video.
   LP43307.
   LP43308.
   LP43309.
   MP24733.

 Time Life Video speed reading system.
   MP24733.

 Time of the barbarians.
   LP43055.

 Time of the Saviour.
   MP25272.

 Time structures.
   MP25079.

 Time, the place, and the girl.
   R567279.

 Timing belts.
   MP24918.

 Tio Taco, M. D.
   LP43488.

 Tippette, Giles.
   LP43609.

 Tipsy through the tulips.
   LP43520.

 Titan Productions, Inc.
   LP42971.

 Tits galore.
   MP24852.

 Tivoli Productions, Inc.
   R569734.

 To a babysitter.
   MP25112.

 To challenge that which they question.
   MP25444.

 Together sweetly.
   MP24985.

 Toho.
   LP156.

 Tolan, Michael.
   LP43138.

 Tommy Tucker and his orchestra.
   R578387.

 Tomorrow’s Mexico.
   MP25404.

 Tomorrow we’ll see what happens.
   MP24902.

 Too many cooks.
   LP43221.

 Topkins, Katharine.
   LP43606.

 Top of the world: taiga, tundra, icecap.
   LP43058.

 Torment of Joan of Arc.
   LP43357.

 Tornado.
   MP25114.

 Torn man.
   LP43483.

 Tortoise dance.
   LP43398.

 Tortoise wins again.
   R572104.

 Total customer satisfaction.
   MU8989.

 Townell, Esko.
   MP24900.

 Trafco, Inc.
   MP25076 - MP25083.

 Trail Street.
   R575630.

 Trail to Mexico.
   R569475.

 Trainee.
   LP43166.

 Training for trouble.
   R578901.

 Training wheels.
   LP43447.

 Trains.
   LP43537.

 Transactions.
   MP25083.

 Trap.
   R579843.

 Travel.
   MU8894.

 Travenol Laboratories, Inc. Flint Laboratories.
   MP25428.

 Treason of Benedict Arnold.
   LP43369.

 Treasury Productions.
   LP43229.
   LP43231.

 Treize Rue Madeleine.
   R572004.

 Trends.
   LP43072.

 Trial.
   LP43249.

 Trial by fire.
   LP43036.

 Trial by terror.
   LP43597.

 Trial by torture.
   R567579.

 Trial of Susan B. Anthony.
   LP43364.

 Tribal people of Mindanao.
   MP24740.

 Trigger fingers.
   R572506.

 Triton Films, Ltd.
   LF139.
   LF140.

 Trojan horse.
   R572103.

 Tropical botany film series.
   MP24969 - MP24974.

 Trouble on my paper route.
   LP43317.

 Troubles in the digestive tract.
   MP25117.

 Trouble with Ralph.
   LP43149.

 Truck driver — revised.
   MP25427.

 Tugboats.
   LP43539.

 Tumbleweed trail.
   R569742.

 Tunnels of treachery.
   R577562.

 TV news: behind the scenes.
   MP24833.

 T. V. watching.
   LP43547.

 Twain, Mark, pseud. SEE Clemens, Samuel Langhorne.

 Tweetie pie.
   R578350.

 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation.
   LP43204 - LP43209.
   LP43258.
   LP43260 - LP43263.
   LP43373.
   LP43577.
   R567997 - R568021.
   R571260.
   R572004.
   R572005.
   R572006.
   R573495.
   R573496.

 Twenty four hours.
   LP43305.

 2130.
   LP42999.

 Twice the work refill.
   MU8942.

 Twins.
   MU8971.

 Two brothers in Greece.
   MP24868.

 Two Cities Films, Ltd.
   LF126.
   LF127.
   LF129.
   LF130.
   LF131.
   LF144.
   LF145.
   LF148.
   LF151.
   LF153.
   LF154.
   LF155.
   R574816.
   R574817.
   R574819.

 Two deserts: Sahara and Sonora.
   LP43067.

 Two grasslands: Texas and Iran.
   LP43060.

 2 guys on 1 girl.
   MP24849.

 “Two hats,” the 1974 Dodge pickup.
   MP25025.

 Two Jills and a Jack.
   R578430.

 Two mountainlands: Alps and Andes.
   LP43068.

 Two Mrs. Carrolls.
   R578352.

 Two pairs of pants.
   LP43223.

 Two wheels to eternity.
   MP24881.

 Two worlds of Musembe.
   LP43053.

 Two years before the mast.
   R574027.


                                   U

 Uncle Silas.
   LF144.

 Uncultured vulture.
   R572339.

 Undercover Maisie.
   R571439.

 Undercurrent.
   LP43588.

 Under the law.
   LP42972 - LP42976.

 Unexpected guest.
   R575365.

 Unicorn Films.
   MP25446.

 Uninvited pests.
   R572112.

 Union Township (NJ) Public Schools. Pollution Control Education Center.
   MP25494.

 United Artists Corporation.
   LP43130 - LP43134.
   LP43136 - LP43138.
   LP43310 - LP43311.
   LP43495.
   LP43630.
   LP43631.
   LP43634.
   LP43635.
   LP43636.
   MP25284.

 United Artists Television, Inc.
   LP42987 - LP43046.
   R567279 - R567290.
   R569647 - R569649.
   R571689 - R571696.
   R573497 - R573504.
   R576592 - R576597.
   R578349 - R578352.

 United Cerebral Palsy Association of San Mateo County (CA)
   MP24735.

 United Cerebral Palsy Association of Santa Clara County, Inc. (CA)
   MP24735.

 United Feature Syndicate, Inc.
   LP43227.
   LP43627.

 United Fruit Company.
   MP24972.

 United Methodist Communications.
   MP25076 - MP25083.

 United States International Sailing Association.
   MP25040.

 United States. Office of Education.
   MP25342.

 United States Steel Corporation.
   MP25448.

 United States Supreme Court: guardian of the Constitution.
   MP24841.

 Unit One Film Prod., Inc.
   MP25297 - MP25298.
   MP25301 - MP25302.
   MP25305 - MP25311.

 Universal City Studios, Inc.
   LP43103 - LP43104.
   LP43106 - LP43117.
   LP43139 - LP43158.
   LP43188.
   LP43374.
   LP43381.
   LP43382.
   LP43385.
   LP43386.
   LP43387.
   LP43390 - LP43398.
   LP43409 - LP43412.
   LP43418 - LP43423.
   LP43455 - LP43468.
   LP43496 - LP43499.

 Universal City Studios, Inc. EMKA.
   R547027 - R547034.
   R578383.
   R578390 - R578392.

 Universal Education and Visual Arts.
   MP25462.

 Universal Furniture.
   MU8896 - MU8901.

 Universal newsreel.
   R570389 - R570397.
   R570401 - R570402.
   R570404 - R570410.
   R570415.
   R572010 - R572015.
   R572019 - R572020.
   R574039 - R574046.
   R578360 - R578361.
   R578365 - R578372.
   R578375 - R578382.

 Universal Pictures.
   LP43102.
   LP43105.
   LP43548.
   LP43602 - LP43605.
   LP43621 - LP43624.
   R570389 - R570412.
   R570415.
   R572007 - R572020.
   R574037 - R574046.
   R578358 - R578382.
   R578384 - R578389.

 Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
   R568515.
   R570389 - R570412.
   R570415.
   R570569.
   R572007 - R572020.
   R574037 - R574046.
   R578358 - R578382.
   R578384 - R578389.
   R578605.

 Universal Pictures, Ltd.
   LP43549.

 Universal Public Arts Productions.
   LP43101.

 Universal Studios.
   LP43140 - LP43181.
   LP43187.
   LP43375 - LP4338O.
   LP43383 - LP43384.
   LP43388 - LP43389.
   LP43405 - LP43417.
   LP43442 - LP43454.
   LP43496 - LP43499.

 University of California, Davis. College of Agricultural and
    Environmental Sciences. Department of Animal Science.
   MP25479.

 University of Iowa, Iowa City. Motion Picture Unit.
   MP25227.

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
   MP24861.

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Audio Visual Center.
   MP24861.

 University of Nebraska, Lincoln. Department of Agricultural
    Engineering.
   MP25472.

 University of Pittsburgh. Arsenal Family and Children’s Center.
   MP25330 - MP25335.

 University of Pittsburgh. School of Health Related Professions.
    Department of Child Development and Child Care.
   MP25330 - MP25335.

 University of Southern Missions.
   MP24844.

 Unto the next generation.
   LP43466.

 Unwritten law.
   LP43214.

 U P I T N.
   MP24912.

 Upjohn Company.
   LP43123.
   LP43613.
   MP24854.
   MP25356.

 Upjohn Mini - text series.
   MP24854.

 Upjohn vanguard of medicine.
   LP43123.
   LP43613.

 Urban impact on weather and climate.
   LP43264.


                                   V

 Vacation in Reno.
   R570311.

 Validity checking controls.
   MP25236.

 Valley of the shadow.
   LP43247.

 Valve spacing and pressuring.
   MU8999.

 Vanguard Films, Inc.
   R578232.

 Vaudeville revue.
   R573504.

 V belts.
   MP24919.

 VD attack plan.
   MP25037.

 V. D. story.
   LP43290.

 Vega Kammback versus competition.
   MU8946.

 Vega versus competition.
   MU8944.

 Velvet prison.
   LP43116.

 Vendetta.
   LP43443.

 Venezuela.
   MP24869.

 Very merry cricket.
   LP42986.

 Very strange triangle.
   LP43111.

 Viacom International, Inc.
   R567076 - R567077.
   R570608 - R570610.
   R572099 - R572115.
   R579967 - R579975.

 Vice versa.
   LF145.

 Vic Film (Productions) Ltd.
   LP42961.

 Victim.
   LP43295.

 Videgraphe Corporation.
   MP25062.

 Vigilante.
   R578903 - R578904.

 Vigilante rides again.
   R578903.

 Virtual storage concepts.
   MP25132.
   MP25133.
   MP25163.

 Virus.
   LP43162.

 Vise.
   LP43239.

 Vision of doom.
   LP43480.

 Vitaphone Corporation.
   R567280 - R567288.
   R567290.
   R569647 - R569649.
   R571693 - R571696.
   R573499 - R573504.
   R576593.
   R576596.
   R576597.
   R578349.
   R578350.
   R578351.

 Vnuk, Wallace J.
   MP25069 - MP25075.

 Voices from the Russian underground.
   MP25096.

 Volcanic landscapes.
   MP24911.

 Volcanoes: exploring the restless earth.
   MP24838.

 Vortex.
   LP43479.

 Voter decides.
   MP25137.

 VSAM concepts and access method services usage.
   MP25018.

 VSAM concepts and facilities.
   MP25432.

 VS / DOS.
   MP25162.


                                   W

 Wacky Quacky.
   R577570.

 Wacky West on Wednesday.
   MP25441.

 Wake up and dream.
   R568011.

 Walfran Research and Educational Fund.
   MP25069 - MP25075.

 Walkaway.
   MP24907.

 Walking with the Master.
   MP24846.

 Walk south.
   LP43408.

 Wallis (Hal) Productions, Inc.
   R578391.

 Wall of silence.
   LP43484.

 Walls of night.
   LP43028.

 Wanted for murder.
   R571260.

 Wanted, more homes.
   MP25403.

 Ware, Harlan.
   LP43200.

 Warner Brothers, Inc.
   LP42954 - LP42957.
   LP42969.
   LP43118 - LP43119.
   LP43626.

 Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.
   R567279.
   R567289.
   R571689 - R571692.
   R573498.
   R576592.
   R576595.
   R578352.

 Warner Brothers Productions, Ltd.
   LP42953.

 Warning to wantons.
   LF147.

 Warty the toad.
   MP25394.

 Washington. State Superintendent of Public Instruction. SEE Brouillet,
    Frank R.

 Wastepaper world.
   LP43231.

 Watchers.
   LP43246.

 Water is wide.
   LP43373.

 Weaker sex.
   LF155.

 We are curious, Scandinavia, 1973.
   MU8974.

 Weather: high and low pressure.
   MP24784.

 Weather — storm endangers forest animals.
   MP24781.

 Weather: superstition and facts.
   MP24780.

 Web of darkness.
   LP43579.

 Wednesday game.
   LP43461.

 We don’t want to lose you.
   MP25339.

 Weekend murders.
   LP43099.

 We have an addict in the house.
   LP43574.

 Weinkauf, David S.
   MP25444.

 Weird Wednesday.
   LP43184.

 Welcome home, Johnny Bristol.
   LP43370.

 Welcome stranger.
   R578383.

 Well — flowing, dead and unloading.
   MU9002.

 Well model and lift.
   MU9003.

 Wells, H. G.
   LF130.

 We’ll walk out of here together.
   LP43457.

 Welt, Louis A.
   MU9010.

 Wendland, John P.
   MP25485.

 Wenzonsky (Pio) Productions.
   LP43122.

 Werrenrath, Elizabeth I.
   MP25269.
   MP25270.

 Wessex Film Productions.
   LP141.

 Western Michigan University, Kalamazoo.
   MP25460.

 Western Michigan University, Kalamazoo. Division of Instructional
    Communications. Motion Picture Services.
   MP25460.

 Westinghouse Electric Corporation.
   MU8988.

 West of Dodge City.
   R577566.

 Weston Woods. SEE Weston Woods Studios, Inc.

 Weston Woods Studios, Inc.
   LP42979 - LP42980.
   LP42984.
   LP43121.

 Wet chemical methods.
   MP25303.

 We’ve come of age.
   MP24830.

 What about McBride.
   MP25466.

 What do you do while you wait.
   MP24839.

 What do you want me to say.
   MP25470.

 What happens when you go to the hospital.
   MP25331.

 What’s new in gonorrhea.
   MP24796.

 What’s your I. Q.
   R567067.
   R570213.

 Wheel.
   LP43534.

 When the bough breaks.
   LF149.

 When the wind blows.
   LP43015.

 Where is my wandering mother tonight.
   LP43509.

 Where’s my little lame stray.
   LP43315.

 Where’s Tommy.
   MP24905.

 Where the lilies bloom.
   LP43371.

 Where the wild things are.
   LP42984.

 Where today’s cats came from.
   MP25178.

 Where we stand in Cambodia.
   MP25090.

 White, Carol Elizabeth Brand Gwynn.
   MU8991.

 Whitefield.
   MP25065.

 White House family in the United States of America.
   MU8991.

 White knight.
   LP43043.

 Whittemore, L. H.
   LP43267.

 Who are you, Arthur Kolinski.
   LP43374.

 Who’ll cry for my baby.
   LP43439.

 Who saw him die.
   LP43156.

 Who says I can’t ride a rainbow.
   LP43350.

 Who stole the quiet day.
   MP25422.

 Why is a crooked letter.
   LP43141.

 Wicked wolf.
   R570609.

 Wide open spaces.
   R577488.

 Wife killer.
   LP42995.

 Wife wanted.
   R577411.

 Wilderness: a way of life.
   MU8937.

 Wild heritage.
   MU8950.

 Wild kingdom.
   MP24855 - MP24859.
   MP25437 - MP25440.

 Wild West.
   R569745.

 Wild West chimp.
   R572018.

 Willard, Emmet E.
   MP25273.

 William: from Georgia to Harlem.
   LP43093.

 Williams, Bruce Bayne.
   MU9005.

 Willie Dynamite.
   LP43623.

 Wilson, Daniel.
   MP24733.

 Windjam.
   MP24989.

 Wind raiders of the Sahara.
   MP24831.

 Wine is a traitor.
   LP43020.

 Winger Enterprises, Inc.
   LP43267.

 Wings of an angel.
   LP43003.

 Winkler, Irwin.
   LP43134.

 Winn, William M.
   MU8903.

 Winning the West.
   R572106.

 Winter fun.
   LP43535.

 Winter holiday.
   R568019.

 Winter Kill.
   LP43320.

 Wisconsin Regional Primate Research Center.
   MP24800.

 Witches of Salem: the horror and the hope.
   LP43089.

 Witch hunt.
   LP43595.

 With a shout, not a whimper.
   LP43464.

 Withers, Brian Gary.
   LU3664.

 Without reservations.
   R570310.

 With strings attached.
   LP43042.

 Wizan, Joe.
   LP43209.

 Wolf, Sidney.
   MP25425.

 Wolf adaptations for defense.
   MP24763.

 Wolf and the badger.
   MP24764.

 Wolfe, Tom.
   LP43209.

 Wolf hunting pronghorn antelope.
   MP24791.

 Wolper, David L.
   MP25445.

 Wolper Productions.
   MP24831.
   MP25445.

 Wolper Productions, Inc.
   MP25482.

 Woman alive.
   MP25413.

 Women.
   LP43167.

 Women, women, women.
   MU9011.

 Wonderful world of Disney, 1972 - 73.
   LP43191 - LP43199.
   LP43612.
   MP25387.

 Wonrac Productions.
   LP42983.

 Wood (Francis Carter) Inc.
   MP24860.

 Words of summer.
   LP43157.

 Wordworks.
   MP25058 - MP25061.

 Workers depend on each other.
   MP25017.

 Working heart.
   LP43422.

 Working set and locality.
   MP25163.

 World Book Encyclopedia.
   LP43189.

 World Film Services, Ltd.
   LP42962.

 World food problem.
   MP25409.

 World of Charlie Company.
   MP25095.

 World of concern.
   MP24917.

 World of darkness.
   MP25214.

 World of sports.
   R567593.
   R570079.
   R572343.
   R577572.
   R578420.

 World of the black maned lion.
   MP25437.

 World of work.
   MP24832.
   MP24833.

 World premiere.
   LP43101.

 Worldwide Church of God, Pasadena.
   MP25285 - MP25289.
   MP25497 - MP25500.

 Woroner Films, Inc.
   MP24931.
   MP24932.
   MP24933.
   MP25068.
   MP25419.

 Writing better business letters.
   MP24888.

 Writing workshop — secondary.
   MP25370.


                                   X

 Xerox Corporation.
   LP42942 - LP42943.
   LP43312 - LP43317.

 Xerox Films.
   LP42942 - LP42943.
   LP43312 - LP43317.


                                   Y

 Yachting Magazine.
   MP25040.

 Yacht Racing Magazine.
   MP25040.

 Yearling.
   R566404.

 Year 1200.
   MP25088.

 Yorkin, Bud.
   LP43610.
   LP43611.

 You and your eyes.
   MP24747.

 You and your food.
   MP24759.

 You and your sense of smell and taste.
   MP24754.

 You and your senses.
   MP24758.

 You are there.
   LP43357 - LP43369.

 You can’t just hope they’ll make it.
   MP25338.

 Young mother.
   MP25417.

 Young widow.
   R572754.

 You’re too fat.
   MP25483.

 You see, I’ve had a life.
   MP25418.

 Youth and church need each other.
   MU8970.

 Yugoslavian coastline.
   MP25473.


                                   Z

 Zaiontz, Michael G.
   MP24976.

 Zanuck, Richard D.
   LP43102.

 Zanuck / Brown.
   LP43623.

 Zardoz.
   LP43258.

 Ziff Davis Publishing Company.
   MP25463 - MP25470.

 Ziff Davis Publishing Company, CRM Productions.
   MP25358.

 Zlateh the goat.
   LP43121.

 Zoos of Geographic Society.
   MP24741.

 Zoos of the world.
   MP24741.

 Zweig, Stefan.
   LF127.

 Zwer, Joachim D.
   MU8903.




                            MOTION PICTURES
                         CURRENT REGISTRATIONS


A list of domestic and foreign motion pictures registered during the
period covered by this issue, arranged by registration number.




                                   LF
                             REGISTRATIONS


LF124.

Bedelia. England. 90 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. Based on the book by Vera
Caspary. Appl. au.; Isadore Goldsmith. © John Corfield Productions,
Ltd.; 24May46; LF124.


LF125.

Don’t look now. An Anglo-Italian coproduction by Casey Productions, Ltd.
& Eldorado Films, S. R. L. England. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From a
story by Daphne DuMaurier. © D. L. N. Ventures Partnership; 12Oct73;
LF125.


LF126.

Men of two worlds. John Sutro. England. 107 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Two
Cities Films, Ltd.; 9Sep46; LF126.


LF127.

Beware of pity. A Pentagon production. England. 103 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. From the novel by Stefan Zweig. © Two Cities Films, Ltd.; 22Jul46;
LF127.


LF128.

Theirs is the glory. England. 82 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Gaumont
British Distributors, Ltd. & General Film Distributors, Ltd.; 14Oct46;
LF128.


LF129.

Carnival. A Two Cities film. England. 93 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Two
Cities Films, Ltd.; 2Dec46; LF129.


LF130.

The History of Mister Polly. England. 96 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. The
History of Mister Polly, by H. G. Wells. © Two Cities Films, Ltd.;
28Mar49 (in notice: 1948); LF130.


LF131.

The Reluctant widow. A Two Cities film. England. 86 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. From the novel by Georgette Heyer. © Two Cities Films, Ltd.; 1May50;
LF131.


LF132.

Flood tide. A Pentagon production. England. 90 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
Aquila Film Productions, Ltd.; 2May49; LF132.


LF133.

Golden Salamander. A Ronald Neame production. England. 97 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Pinewood Films, Ltd.; 3Feb50 (in notice: 1949); LF133.


LF134.

Fools rush in. A Pinewood Films production. England. 82 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. From the play by Kenneth Horne. © Pinewood Films, Ltd.; 23May49;
LF134.


LF135.

Dear Mister Prohack. A Pentagon production. England. 89 min., sd., b&w,
35 mm. Adapted from the novel, Mister Prohack, by Arnold Bennett, and
the play by Arnold Bennett & Edward Knoblock. © Pinewood Films, Ltd.;
10Oct49; LF135.


LF136.

Poet’s pub. An Aquila film. England. 80 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. From the
novel by Eric Linklater. © Aquila Film Productions, Ltd.; 8Aug49; LF136.


LF137.

Helter skelter. A Pentagon production. England. 75 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. Appl. au.: Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. © General Film Distributors,
Ltd.; 25Jul49; LF137.


LF138.

So long at the fair. England. 86 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.:
Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. © General Film Distributors, Ltd.; 7Aug50;
LF138.


LF139.

Once upon a dream. A Sidney Box production. England. 84 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. Appl. au.: Triton Films, Ltd. © General Film Distributors, Ltd.;
28Feb49 (in notice: 1948); LF139.


LF140.

The Bad Lord Byron. A Sidney Box production. England. 83 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. Appl. au.: Triton Films, Ltd. © General Film Distributors, Ltd.;
18Apr49; LF140.


LF141.

Once a jolly swagman. Wessex Film Productions. England. 100 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. From the novel by Montagu Slater. © Independent Producers,
Ltd.; 24Jan49 (in notice: 1948); LF141.


LF142.

Diamond City. Robert Lawrence Productions, Inc. England. 89 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd.; 24Oct49; LF142.


LF143.

The Spider and the fly. A Setton-Baring Mayflower production. England.
94 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Pinewood Films, Ltd.; 19Dec49; LF143.


LF144.

Uncle Silas. A Two Cities film. England. 102 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
Two Cities Films, Ltd.; 10Nov47; LF144.


LF145.

Vice versa. England. 102 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Two Cities Films,
Ltd.; 1Mar48; LF145.


LF146.

Oliver Twist. A Cineguild production. England. 115 min., sd., b&w, 35
mm. © Independent Producers, Ltd.; 25Oct48; LF146.


LF147.

Warning to wantons. An Aquila film. England. 98 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
From the novel by Mary Mitchell. © Aquila Film Productions, Ltd.;
7Feb49; LF147.


LF148.

It’s hard to be good. A Two Cities film. England. 95 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. © Two Cities Films, Ltd.; 27Dec48; LF148.


LF149.

When the bough breaks. A Gainsborough picture. England. 81 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd.; 2Feb48 (in notice: 1947);
LF149.


LF150.

The Calendar. A Gainsborough picture. England. 79 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
© Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd.; 5Jul48; LF150.


LF151.

The Mark of Cain. A Two Cities film. England. 88 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
Based on the novel, Airing in a closed carriage, by Joseph Shearing.
Appl. au.: Two Cities Films, Ltd. © General Film Distributors, Ltd.;
1Mar48 (in notice: 1947); LF151.


LF152.

The Blind goddess. A Gainsborough picture. England. 88 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. © Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd.; 18Oct48; LF152.


LF153.

Cardboard cavalier. A Two Cities film. England. 97 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. © Two Cities Films, Ltd.; 9May49 (in notice: 1948); LF153.


LF154.

Fame is the spur. A Two Cities film. England. 111 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
From the novel by Howard Spring. © Two Cities Films, Ltd.; 3Nov47;
LF154.


LF155.

The Weaker sex. England. 85 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Based on a play, No
medals, by Esther McCracken. © Two Cities Films, Ltd.; 11Oct48; LF155.


LF156.

Lightning swords of death. A Katsu-Toho production. Japan. 83 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Katsu Production Company, Ltd.; 1Sep72; LF156.


LF157.

Asylum. Harbor Productions, Inc; & Amicus Productions, Ltd. Great
Britain. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Amicus Productions, Ltd.;
24Jul72; LF157.




                                   LP
                             REGISTRATIONS


LP42933.

Edward Albee’s A Delicate balance. A presentation of American Express
Films, Inc. & the Ely Landau Organization, Inc. in association with
Cinevision, Ltee. 134 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © AFT Distributing
Corporation; 29Oct73; LP42933.


LP42934.

Harold Pinter’s The Homecoming. A presentation of American Express
Films, Inc. & the Ely Landau Organization, Inc. in association with
Cinevision, Ltee. 114 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © AFT Distributing
Corporation; 29Oct73; LP42934.


LP42935.

Eugene O’Neill’s The Iceman cometh. A presentation of American Express
Films, Inc. & the Ely Landau Organization, Inc. in association with
Cinevision, Ltee. 239 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © AFT Distributing
Corporation; 29Oct73; LP42935.


LP42936.

The Optimists. A Cheetah production. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
on the novel, The Optimists of Nine Elms, by Anthony Simmons. ©
Sagittarius Productions, Inc.; 28Sep73; LP42936.


LP42937.

Ash Wednesday. Paramount Pictures Corporation & Sagittarius Productions,
Inc. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Paramount Pictures Corporation &
Sagittarius Productions, Inc.; 16Nov73; LP42937.


LP42938.

Shirts/skins. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
9Oct73; LP42938.


LP42939.

Deadly China doll. A Panasia film production. 94 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 26Sep73; LP42939.


LP42940.

Kazablan. A Menahem Golan-Noah Films, Tel Aviv production. 114 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon a stage musical by Yigal Mossinson & Yoel
Silberg—based upon a play by Yigal Mossinson. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 12Dec73; LP42940.


LP42941.

Hawkins on murder. An Arena Leda production. Produced in association
with MGM TV. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
13Mar73; LP42941.


LP42942.

Children of the fields. Xerox Films. Made by Bobwin Associates, Inc. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Come over to my house) © Xerox Corporation;
25Feb73; LP42942.


LP42943.

Navajo girl. Xerox Films. Made by Bobwin Associates, Inc. 21 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Come over to my house) © Xerox Corporation; 24Aug73;
LP42943.


LP42944.

Marine science, 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Kingdom of could be you)
© Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42944.


LP42945.

Fine arts and humanities. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Kingdom of
could be you) © Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42945.


LP42946.

Business and office. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Kingdom of could be
you) © Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42946.


LP42947.

Thanks for the honeymoon. A Leonard Freeman production. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 2Jan73 (in notice:
1972); LP42947.


LP42948.

The Listener. A Leonard Freeman production. Produced in association with
the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii Five-O)
© Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 9Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP42948.


LP42949.

The Diamond that nobody stole. A Leonard Freeman production. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 28Feb73 (in
notice: 1972); LP42949.


LP42950.

Soldier of fortune. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Assignment: Vienna) ©
Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 4Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP42950.


LP42951.

There was an old woman. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Assignment: Vienna)
© Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 13Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP42951.


LP42952.

So long, Charley. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Assignment: Vienna) ©
Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 3Feb73 (in notice: 1972); LP42952.


LP42953.

The MacKintosh man. A Newman Foreman Company, John Huston production. 10
reels, sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel, The Freedom trap, by
Desmond Bagley. © Warner Brothers Productions, Ltd.; 25Jul73; LP42953.


LP42954.

Cleopatra Jones. 10 reels, sd., color, 35 mm. © Warner Brothers, Inc.;
4Jul73; LP42954.


LP42955.

Blume in love. 12 reels, sd., color, 35 mm. © Warner Brothers, Inc.;
13Jun73; LP42955.


LP42956.

The Last of Sheila. 13 reels, sd., color, 35 mm. © Warner Brothers,
Inc.; 14Jun73; LP42956.


LP42957.

Cahill, United States Marshal. A Batjac production. 10 reels, sd.,
color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 13Jun73; LP42957.


LP42958.

Chariot. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: John Lenzi. © John Lenzi;
6Dec73; LP42958.


LP42959.

The Rewards of rewarding. Roundtable Productions. 24 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Thanks a plenty boss, pt. 1) © Roundtable Productions, Inc.;
17Oct73; LP42959.


LP42960.

The Correct way of correcting. Roundtable Productions. 23 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Thanks a plenty boss, pt. 2) © Roundtable Productions,
Inc.; 17Oct73; LP42960.


LP42961.

Brother Sun, Sister Moon. Euro International Films & Vic Film
(Productions) Ltd. Made by Luciano Perugia. 121 min., sd., color, 35
mm., Panavision. NM: revision & additions. © Euro International Films,
S. P. A.; 9Mar73 (in notice: 1972); LP42961.


LP42962.

Tales that witness madness. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © World Film
Services, Ltd.; 24Aug73; LP42962.


LP42963.

Annalisa. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Assignment: Vienna) © Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 7Dec72; LP42963.


LP42964.

Queen’s gambit. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Assignment: Vienna) © Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 9Nov72; LP42964.


LP42965.

Hot potato. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Assignment: Vienna) © Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 19Oct72; LP42965.


LP42966.

The Last target. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Assignment: Vienna) ©
Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 28Sep72; LP42966.


LP42967.

A Deadly shade of green. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Assignment:
Vienna) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 10Feb73; LP42967.


LP42968.

Fuzz brothers. A JDF/B production. Produced in association with MGM-TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 5Mar73;
LP42968.


LP42969.

The Exorcist. A Hoya production. 121 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. Based on the novel by William Peter Blatty. © Warner
Brothers, Inc. & Hoya Productions, Inc.; 26Dec73; LP42969.


LP42970.

Edge of the world. A Joe Rock production. 90 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Raymond Rohauer. NM: editorial revision. © Joe Rock; 3Oct73
(in notice: 1972); LP42970.


LP42971.

The Discreet charm of the bourgeoise. A Greenwich Film production,
English version produced by Titan Productions, Inc. 100 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm., Panavision. © on English subtitles, condensation &
editorial revision; Greenwich Film Productions; 22Oct72; LP42971.


LP42972.

The Hitchhiker. A Nelson Company production. Produced in cooperation
with National District Attorneys Association. 17 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Under the law) © National Education Institute; 29Oct73; LP42972.


LP42973.

Arrest, seize. A Nelson Company production. Produced in cooperation with
National District Attorneys Association. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Under the law) © National Education Institute; 29Oct73; LP42973.


LP42974.

Muggers. A Nelson Company production. Produced in cooperation with
National District Attorneys Association. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Under the law) © National Education Institute; 29Oct73; LP42974.


LP42975.

The Plea. A Nelson Company production. Produced in cooperation with
National District Attorneys Association. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Under the law) © National Education Institute; 29Oct73; LP42975.


LP42976.

The Rip off. A Nelson Company production. Produced in cooperation with
National District Attorneys Association. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Under the law) © National Education Institute; 29Oct73; LP42976.


LP42977.

Le Cycliste, 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Marvin Albert. ©
Marvin Albert Films; 1Oct73; LP42977.


LP42978.

Once the ferns. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Marvin Albert. ©
Marvin Albert Films; 1Oct73; LP42978.


LP42979.

A Story, a story. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From an African tale
retold & illustrated by Gail E. Haley. © Weston Woods; 15Sep73; LP42979.


LP42980.

One Monday morning. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on the book by Uri
Shulevitz. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Sep73 (in notice: 1972);
LP42980.


LP42981.

In the land of the war canoes: Kwakiutl Indian life on the Northwest
Coast. 43 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. NM: revision. © Burke Museum; 17Oct73;
LP42981.


LP42982.

Cipher in the snow. Brigham Young University. 22 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au.: Motion Picture Department, Brigham Young University. ©
Brigham Young University; 25Oct73; LP42982.


LP42983.

Lance Savage, private eye. Wonrac Productions. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Lawrence Edward Carnow. © Lawrence Carnow; 1Oct73; LP42983.


LP42984.

Where the wild things are. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From the book
written & illustrated by Maurice Sendak. © Weston Woods a. a. d. o.
Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 20Dec73; LP42984.


LP42985.

Not just another woman. 77 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Extravagant Film
Productions, Ltd.; 5Dec73; LP42985.


LP42986.

A Very merry cricket. A Chuck Jones production. 64 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au.: Charles M. Jones. © Chuck Jones Enterprises; 1Nov73;
LP42986.


LP42987.

Goodbye my love. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 28Feb67; LP42987.


LP42988.

Death of a very small killer. A QM production. Produced in association
with United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 21Mar67; LP42988.


LP42989.

The Savage street. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 14Mar67; LP42989.


LP42990.

Passage to Helena. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 7Mar67; LP42990.


LP42991.

The Last oasis. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 13Sep66; LP42991.


LP42992.

Death is the door prize. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 20Sep66; LP42992.


LP42993.

A Clean and quiet town. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 27Sep66; LP42993.


LP42994.

The Blessings of liberty. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 20Dec66; LP42994.


LP42995.

Wife killer. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 11Jan66; LP42995.


LP42996.

This’ll kill you. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 18Jan66; LP42996.


LP42997.

Stroke of genius. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 1Feb66; LP42997.


LP42998.

Running scared. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 22Feb66; LP42998.


LP42999.

The 2130. A QM production. Produced in association with United Artists
Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 29Mar66; LP42999.


LP43000.

A Taste of tomorrow. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive)
© QM Productions; 12Apr66; LP43000.


LP43001.

In a plain paper wrapper. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive)
© QM Productions; 19Apr66; LP43001.


LP43002.

Coralee. A QM production. Produced in association with United Artists
Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 20Apr66; LP43002.


LP43003.

Wings of an angel. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 14Sep65; LP43003.


LP43004.

Middle of a heat wave. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive)
© QM Productions; 21Sep65; LP43004.


LP43005.

Crack in a crystal ball. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive)
© QM Productions; 28Sep65; LP43005.


LP43006.

Conspiracy of silence. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive)
© QM Productions; 12Oct65; LP43006.


LP43007.

Three cheers for little boy blue. A Q M production. Produced in
association with United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (The Fugitive) © QM Productions; 19Oct65; LP43007.


LP43008.

All the scared rabbits. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive)
© QM Productions; 26Oct65; LP43008.


LP43009.

Landscape with running figures. Pt. 1. A Q M production. Produced in
association with United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (The Fugitive) © QM Productions; 16Nov65; LP43009.


LP43010.

Landscape with running figures. Pt. 2. A QM production. Produced in
association with United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (The Fugitive) © QM Productions; 23Nov65; LP43010.


LP43011.

Set fire to a straw man. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive)
© QM Productions; 30Nov65; LP43011.


LP43012.

The Stranger in the mirror. A QM production. Produced in association
with United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 7Dec65; LP43012.


LP43013.

The Good guys and the bad guys. A QM production. Produced in association
with United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 14Dec65; LP43013.


LP43014.

The End of the line. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive)
© QM Productions; 21Dec65; LP43014.


LP43015.

When the wind blows. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive)
© QM Productions; 28Dec65; LP43015.


LP43016.

The Evil men do. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 27Dec66 (in notice: 1967); LP43016.


LP43017.

The Judgement. Pt. 2. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 5Sep67; LP43017.


LP43018.

Ten thousand pieces of silver. A QM production. Produced in association
with United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 11Oct66; LP43018.


LP43019.

Joshua’s kingdom. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 18Oct66; LP43019.


LP43020.

Wine is a traitor. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 1Nov66; LP43020.


LP43021.

Concrete evidence. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 24Jan67; LP43021.


LP43022.

The Other side of the coin. A QM production. Produced in association
with United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 10Jan67; LP43022.


LP43023.

Run the man down. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 3Jan67; LP43023.


LP43024.

The Ivy maze. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 21Feb67; LP43024.


LP43025.

There goes the ballgame. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 7Feb67; LP43025.


LP43026.

The One that got away. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 17Jan67; LP43026.


LP43027.

The Shattered silence. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 11Apr67; LP43027.


LP43028.

Walls of night. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 4Apr67; LP43028.


LP43029.

Dossier on a diplomat. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 28Mar67; LP43029.


LP43030.

The Judgement. Pt. 1. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Production; 29Aug67; LP43030.


LP43031.

The Sharp edge of chivalry. A QM production. Produced in association
with United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 4Oct66; LP43031.


LP43032.

Second sight. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 25Oct66; LP43032.


LP43033.

The Devil’s disciples. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 6Dec66; LP43033.


LP43034.

Nobody loses all the time. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Fugitive) © QM Productions; 22Nov66; LP43034.


LP43035.

Approach with care. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 15Nov66; LP43035.


LP43036.

Trial by fire. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 5Oct65; LP43036.


LP43037.

Not with a whimper. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 4Jan66; LP43037.


LP43038.

Echo of a nightmare. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive)
© QM Productions; 25Jan66; LP43038.


LP43039.

Shadow of a swan. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) Add.
ti.: Shadow of the swan. © QM Productions; 8Feb66; LP43039.


LP43040.

The Chinese sunset. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 1Mar66; LP43040.


LP43041.

Ill wind. A QM production. Produced in association with United Artists
Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 8Mar66; LP43041.


LP43042.

With strings attached. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive)
© QM Productions; 15Mar66; LP43042.


LP43043.

The White knight. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 22Mar66; LP43043.


LP43044.

An Apple a day. A QM production. Produced in association with United
Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive) © QM
Productions; 2Nov65; LP43044.


LP43045.

The Breaking of the habit. A QM production. Produced in association with
United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Fugitive)
© QM Productions; 31Jan67; LP43045.


LP43046.

Right in the middle of the season. A QM production. Produced in
association with United Artists Television, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (The Fugitive) © QM Productions; 29Nov66; LP43046.


LP43047.

Serpico. Artists Entertainment Complex, Inc. 130 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © Produzioni DeLaurentiis International Manufacturing Company, S. P.
A.; 5Dec73; LP43047.


LP43048.

The Jinn who clears the way. A Leonard Freeman production. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 3Oct72; LP43048.


LP43049.

The Odd lot caper. A Leonard Freeman production. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 24Jan73 (in notice: 1972);
LP43049.


LP43050.

Caterpillar. Kresleny Film Prague. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 2Jul71; LP43050.


LP43051.

The Mime of Marcel Marceau. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning
Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
28Jun72; LP43051.


LP43052.

The Price of a life. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of
America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 13Jun72;
LP43052.


LP43053.

African odyssey: The Two worlds of Musembe. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 18Nov71; LP43053.


LP43054.

African odyssey: The Red bicycle. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning
Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
18Nov71; LP43054.


LP43055.

Time of the barbarians. Hungarofilm. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 13Apr72 (in notice: 1971); LP43055.


LP43056.

Baby in the tree. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of
America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Mar72 (in
notice: 1971); LP43056.


LP43057.

Order in the house. Hungarofilm. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning
Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
29Dec71; LP43057.


LP43058.

Top of the world: taiga, tundra, icecap. International Cinemedia Center,
Ltd. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Mar72 (in notice:
1971); LP43058.


LP43059.

The Immigrant experience: the long, long journey. 31 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 23Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43059.


LP43060.

Two grasslands: Texas and Iran. International Cinemedia Center. 21 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Mar71 (in notice: 1970); LP43060.


LP43061.

Noise pollution. Produced in association with the American
Meteorological Society. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company
of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 19Jun72;
LP43061.


LP43062.

Deterioration of water. Produced in association with the American
Meteorological Society. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company
of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 21Jul72;
LP43062.


LP43063.

The American Revolution: The Impossible war. Pt. 2. 25 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 26Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP43063.


LP43064.

The American Revolution: The Cause of liberty. Pt. 1. 24 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc.; 26Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP43064.


LP43065.

The Magic balloons. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of
America, a division of Screen Gems, Inc.; 20May69 (in notice: 1968);
LP43065.


LP43066.

The Thunderstorm. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of
America, a division of Screen Gems, Inc.; 20May69 (in notice: 1968);
LP43066.


LP43067.

Two deserts: Sahara and Sonora. Audio Visual Productions, Inc. 17 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Mar71 (in notice: 1970); LP43067.


LP43068.

Two mountainlands: Alps and Andes. Audio Visual Productions, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a division of
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Mar71 (in notice: 1970); LP43068.


LP43069.

The Jackson years: the new Americans. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 5Mar71 (in notice: 1970); LP43069.


LP43070.

The Jackson years: toward civil war. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 26Apr71 (in notice: 1970); LP43070.


LP43071.

Foibles. Hungarofilm. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (As the animator sees
us) © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 26May71; LP43071.


LP43072.

Trends. Hungarofilm. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (As the animator sees
us) © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 14May71; LP43072.


LP43073.

Read. International Cinemedia Center. 42 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. (Ready, set, read) © Learning Company of America, a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 8Dec70; LP43073.


LP43074.

Ready. International Cinemedia Center. 42 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. (Ready, set, read) © Learning Company of America, a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 9Dec70; LP43074.


LP43075.

Set. International Cinemedia Center. 42 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm, in
cartridge. (Ready, set, read) © Learning Company of America, a division
of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 9Dec70; LP43075.


LP43076.

Shelter: almost anyone can build a house. International Cinemedia
Center. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 10May71; LP43076.


LP43077.

Clothing: a pair of blue jeans. International Cinemedia Center. 13 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc.; 10May71; LP43077.


LP43078.

Food: the story of a peanut butter sandwich. International Cinemedia
Center. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 20Jul71; LP43078.


LP43079.

The Middle Ages: a wanderer’s guide to life and letters. 28 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc.; 4Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP43079.


LP43080.

Felipa: north of the border. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning
Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
16Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP43080.


LP43081.

Shakespeare: a mirror to man. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning
Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
1Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP43081.


LP43082.

Elizabeth: the queen who shaped an age. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 4Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP43082.


LP43083.

Siu Mei Wong: who shall I be? 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning
Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
29Dec70; LP43083.


LP43084.

The Symphony sound with Henry Lewis and the Royal Philharmonic. 27 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc.; 16Nov70; LP43084.


LP43085.

The French Revolution: the Bastille. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 23Nov70; LP43085.


LP43086.

The Bible: a literary heritage. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning
Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
17Dec70; LP43086.


LP43087.

The Sonnets: Shakespeare’s moods of love. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 11Oct72; LP43087.


LP43088.

A Slave’s story: running a thousand miles to freedom. 29 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc.; 21Jul72; LP43088.


LP43089.

The Witches of Salem: the horror and the hope. 35 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 21Jul72; LP43089.


LP43090.

Brown wolf. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 18Sep72; LP43090.


LP43091.

The Civil War: promise of reconstruction. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 21Jul72; LP43091.


LP43092.

The Civil War: the anguish of emancipation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 21Jul72; LP43092.


LP43093.

William: from Georgia to Harlem. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning
Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
3Mar71; LP43093.


LP43094.

The Satiric eye. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of
America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 14May71;
LP43094.


LP43095.

The Greeks: in search of meaning. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning
Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
4May71; LP43095.


LP43096.

The French Revolution: the terror. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 9Mar71; LP43096.


LP43097.

The Seven ravens. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of
America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 10May71;
LP43097.


LP43098.

Go faster. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 12May71; LP43098.


LP43099.

The Weekend murders. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 17May72; LP43099.


LP43100.

Earth 2. 98 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
21Nov71; LP43100.


LP43101.

Drive hard, drive fast. A Universal Public Arts production. 106 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal Public Arts Productions;
11Sep73 (in notice: 1970); LP43101.


LP43102.

Sssssss. A Zanuck/Brown production. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 18Jul73; LP43102.


LP43103.

Tightrope to tomorrow. A Harbour-UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Bold ones) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 7Jan73 (in notice:
1972); LP43103.


LP43104.

Amanda Fallon. A Harbour-UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Bold ones) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 23Jan73; LP43104.


LP43105.

For the love of pizza. A Walter Lantz production. 1 reel, sd., color, 35
mm. © Universal Pictures; 1Aug72; LP43105.


LP43106.

Five days in the death of Sergeant Brown. Pt. 2. A Harbour UTV
production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Bold ones) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 17Sep72; LP43106.


LP43107.

Is this operation necessary? A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Bold ones) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 24Sep72;
LP43107.


LP43108.

A Nation of human pincushions. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Bold Ones) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 1Oct72;
LP43108.


LP43109.

Time bomb in the chest. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Bold ones) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 8Oct72; LP43109.


LP43110.

A Substitute womb. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Bold ones) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 22Oct72; LP43110.


LP43111.

A Very strange triangle. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Bold ones) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 29Oct72; LP43111.


LP43112.

A Quality of fear. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Bold ones) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 12Nov72; LP43112.


LP43113.

An Inalienable right to die. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Bold ones) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 26Nov72;
LP43113.


LP43114.

A Purge of madness. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Bold ones) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5Dec72; LP43114.


LP43115.

End theme. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Bold ones) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 10Dec72; LP43115.


LP43116.

The Velvet prison. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Bold ones) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 17Dec72; LP43116.


LP43117.

A Terminal career. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Bold ones) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 31Dec72; LF43117.


LP43118.

The Deadly trackers. A Cine Film production. 12 reels, sd., color, 35
mm. Based on the story, Riata, by Samuel Fuller. © Warner Brothers,
Inc.; 16Nov73; LP43118.


LP43119.

The All American boy. A My Shoes production. 12 reels, sd., color, 35
mm., Panavision. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 5Sep73; LP43119.


LP43120.

Christmas looking. Daughters of Saint Paul. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Daughters of Saint Paul; 7Nov73; LP43120.


LP43121.

Zlateh the goat. Weston Woods. Made by Kratky Film. 20 min., sd., color,
16 mm. From the short story by Isaac Bashevis Singer. © Weston Woods a.
a. d. o. Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 12Dec73; LP43121.


LP43122.

Fifty years of thorns and roses. 65 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pio
Wenzonsky Productions (in notice: Wenzonsky Productions); 13Apr73;
LP43122.


LP43123.

Prostaglandins: tomorrow’s physiology? Omnicom Productions, Inc. 22
min., sd., color; 16 mm. (The Upjohn vanguard of medicine, no. 16) © The
Upjohn Company; 12Feb74 (in notice: 1973); LP43123.


LP43124.

Marjoe. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mauser Productions, Inc.; 24Jul72;
LP43124.


LP43125.

Elephants. R. E. Myers, 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Robert Eugene
Myers; 15Nov73; LP43125.


LP43126.

Ee-yi-ee-yi-oh. Consumers Power Company. Made by Portafilms. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti.: Ee-i-ee-i-oh. © Consumers Power Company;
15Apr72; LP43126.


LP43127.

Decision: alcohol. A Q-ED production. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Q-ED
Productions, Inc.; 1Feb74; LP43127.


LP43128.

The Butterfly. 6 min., sd., color. 16 mm. © ABBA Productions; 1Mar74;
LP43128.


LP43129.

Sole survivor. 120 min., sd., videotape (2 inches) © Cinema Center
Films; 2Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP43129.


LP43130.

Little Boa Peep. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in association
with the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The
Blue Racer series) © United Artists Corporation; 16Jan74 (in notice:
1973); LP43130.


LP43131.

Phony express. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in association
with the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Hoot
Kloot series) © United Artists Corporation; 9Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
LP43131.


LP43132.

Giddy up woe. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in association with
the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Hoot Kloot
series) © United Artists Corporation; 9Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP43132.


LP43133.

Gold struck. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in association with
the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Hoot Kloot
series) © United Artists Corporation; 16Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
LP43133.


LP43134.

Busting. A Robert Chartoff-Irwin Winkler production. 92 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © United Artists Corporation; 15Nov73; LP43134.


LP43135.

Sleeper. A Jack Rollins-Charles H. Joffe production. 87 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Jack Rollins and Charles H. Joffe Productions; 11Dec73;
LP43135.


LP43136.

Jeremy. A Kenasset Film production. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © United
Artists Corporation; 19Jun73; LP43136.


LP43137.

Aches and snakes. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in association
with the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The
Blue Racer series) © United Artists Corporation; 10Aug73; LP43137.


LP43138.

Five on the black hand side. A Michael Tolan-Brock Peters production.
Produced in association with the Petersen Company. 96 min., sd., color,
35 mm. Based on the play originally produced by the American Place
Theatre. © United Artists Corporation & Five Hand Company; 13Aug73;
LP43138.


LP43139.

Cutter. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC mystery movie) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 26Jan72; LP43139.


LP43140.

Requiem for young lovers. Universal Studios. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen
Marshall, counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 29Jan73;
LP43140.


LP43141.

Why is a crooked letter. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5Feb73; LP43141.


LP43142.

A Girl named Tham. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 12Mar73; LP43142.


LP43143.

Some people in a park. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 21Feb73; LP43143.


LP43144.

Final semester. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5Mar73; LP43144.


LP43145.

Charlie gave me your number. Universal Studios. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen
Marshall, counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 11Nov72;
LP43145.


LP43146.

Sigh no more, lady. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Dec72; LP43146.


LP43147.

A Piece of God. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 9Dec72; LP43147.


LP43148.

Libel is a dirty word. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 23Sep72; LP43148.


LP43149.

The Trouble with Ralph. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 14Oct72; LP43149.


LP43150.

Journey through limbo. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 7Oct72; LP43150.


LP43151.

Five will get you six. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 21Oct72; LP43151.


LP43152.

The First day of your life. Universal Studios. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen
Marshall, counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 25Nov72;
LP43152.


LP43153.

Starting over again. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 2Dec72; LP43153.


LP43154.

Lines from an angry book. Universal Studios. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen
Marshall, counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Sep72;
LP43154.


LP43155.

Hour of judgment. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 30Sep72; LP43155.


LP43156.

Who saw him die? Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Oct72; LP43156.


LP43157.

Words of summer. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 9Sep72; LP43157.


LP43158.

Love child. Universal Studios. Produced in association with Groverton
Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor
at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 4Nov72; LP43158.


LP43159.

Problem. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 14Sep72; LP43159.


LP43160.

Kids. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 21Sep72; LP43160.


LP43161.

Show biz. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 28Sep72; LP43161.


LP43162.

Virus. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 5Oct72; LP43162.


LP43163.

Peace pipe. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 12Oct72; LP43163.


LP43164.

Saddled. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 19Oct72; LP43164.


LP43165.

Fuzz lady. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 2Nov72; LP43165.


LP43166.

Trainee. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 9Nov72; LP43166.


LP43167.

Women! A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 23Nov72; LP43167.


LP43168.

Dinner date. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 30Nov72; LP43168.


LP43169.

Musical mania. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 7Dec72; LP43169.


LP43170.

Helpful. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 14Dec72; LP43170.


LP43171.

The Professor. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 1Feb73; LP43171.


LP43172.

Honest. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 15Feb73; LP43172.


LP43173.

Syndrome. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 18Feb73; LP43173.


LP43174.

Seance. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 22Feb73; LP43174.


LP43175.

Rip off. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 8Mar73; LP43175.


LP43176.

Audit. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 5Apr73; LP43176.


LP43177.

Mascot. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 22Jan72; LP43177.


LP43178.

Botulism. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with$$
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 29Jan72; LP43178.


LP43179.

Cook’s tour. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 12Feb72; LP43179.


LP43180.

Brushfire. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 19Feb72; LP43180.


LP43181.

Dealer’s wild. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Emergency!) Emergency
Productions; 26Feb72; LP43181.


LP43182.

Nurses wild. Emergency Productions. 53 min., sd., color. (Emergency) ©
Emergency Productions; 4Mar72; LP43182.


LP43183.

Publicity hound. Emergency Productions. 53 min., sd., color. (Emergency)
© Emergency Productions; 11Mar72; LP43183.


LP43184.

Weird Wednesday. Emergency Productions. 53 min., sd., color. (Emergency)
© Emergency Productions; 18Mar72; LP43184.


LP43185.

Dilemma. Emergency Productions. 53 min., sd., color. (Emergency) ©
Emergency Productions; 25Mar72; LP43185.


LP43186.

Hang up. Emergency Productions. 53 min., sd., color. (Emergency) ©
Emergency Productions; 8Apr72; LP43186.


LP43187.

Crash. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Emergency!) © Emergency
Productions; 15Apr72; LP43187.


LP43188.

A Case of impotence. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Bold ones) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 15Oct72; LP43188.


LP43189.

Man, monsters and mysteries. Walt Disney Productions with the
cooperation of the Loch Ness Investigation Bureau, Films of Scotland,
World Book Encyclopedia. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Walt Disney
Productions; 10Oct73; LP43189.


LP43190.

John Muir, father of our national parks. Walt Disney Educational
Materials Company. Made by Corsair Films, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (They made a difference) © Walt Disney Productions; 18Oct73;
LP43190.


LP43191.

The Mystery in Dracula’s castle. Pt. 1. Walt Disney Productions. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Wonderful world of Disney, 1972–73) © Walt
Disney Productions; 5Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43191.


LP43192.

The Mystery in Dracula’s castle. Pt. 2. Walt Disney Productions. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Wonderful world of Disney, 1972–73) © Walt
Disney Productions; 12Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43192.


LP43193.

Chandar, the black leopard of Ceylon. Pt. 1. Walt Disney Productions. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Wonderful world of Disney, 1972–73) © Walt
Disney Productions; 27Nov72; LP43193.


LP43194.

The Nashville coyote. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Wonderful world
of Disney, 1972–73) © Walt Disney Productions; 22Sep72; LP43194.


LP43195.

Chandar, the black leopard of Ceylon. Pt. 2. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Wonderful world of Disney, 1972–73) © Walt Disney Productions;
27Nov72; LP43195.


LP43196.

Salty, the hijacked harbor seal. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Wonderful world of Disney, 1972–73) © Walt Disney Productions; 27Nov72;
LP43196.


LP43197.

High flying spy. Pt. 1. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Wonderful world
of Disney, 1972–73) © Walt Disney Productions; 18Oct72; LP43197.


LP43198.

Nosey, the sweetest skunk in the West. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Wonderful world of Disney, 1972–73) © Walt Disney Productions; 9Nov72;
LP43198.


LP43199.

High flying spy. Pt. 2. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Wonderful world
of Disney, 1972–73) © Walt Disney Productions; 27Oct72; LP43199.


LP43200.

Superdad. Walt Disney Productions. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on
a story by Harlan Ware. © Walt Disney Productions; 13Dec73; LP43200.


LP43201.

Great moments from “Birth of a nation.” 10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Add.
ti.: Great moments from “The Birth of a nation.” NM: abridgement,
revision & additions. © Epoch Producing Corporation; 8Feb53; LP43201.


LP43202.

Murdock’s gang. A Don Fedderson production. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Darr-Don, Inc.; 20Mar73; LP43202.


LP43203.

Let the good times roll. A Metromedia Producers Corporation production.
99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Metromedia Producers Corporation &
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 24May73; LP43203.


LP43204.

Ace Eli and Rodger of the skies. Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation.
93 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation; 11Apr73; LP43204.


LP43205.

Battle for the planet of the apes. Apjac International. 86 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on characters created by Pierre Boulle.
© Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation; 1Jun73; LP43205.


LP43206.

The Legend of Hell House. Academy Pictures Corporation. 94 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Based on Richard Matheson’s novel, Hell House. © Twentieth
Century Fox Film Corporation; 30May73; LP43206.


LP43207.

Emperor of the North. Inter Hemisphere Productions, Ltd. 120 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Add. ti.: Emperor of the North Pole. © Twentieth Century
Fox Film Corporation; 8Jun73; LP43207.


LP43208.

Gordon’s war. Palomar Pictures International, Inc. 90 min., sd., color,
35 mm., Panavision. © Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation; 2Nov73;
LP43208.


LP43209.

The Last American hero. Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. A Joe
Wizan/Rojo production. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on
articles by Tom Wolfe. © Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation;
13Jul73; LP43209.


LP43210.

The Phantom of Hollywood. 74 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 12Feb74 (in notice: 1973); LP43210.


LP43211.

Assignment: Munich. 88 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 30Apr72; LP43211.


LP43212.

Mask of Sheba. 98 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
9Mar70; LP43212.


LP43213.

Miss Stewart, sir. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on a novel by
Louise Baker. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 31Mar72; LP43213.


LP43214.

Unwritten law. A Charade production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam’s rib) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 19Oct73; LP43214.


LP43215.

The First hurrah. A Charade production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam’s rib) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 7Dec73; LP43215.


LP43216.

Friend of the family. A Charade production. Produced in association with
MGM TV. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam’s rib) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 30Nov73; LP43216.


LP43217.

Illegal aid. A Charade production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam’s rib) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
14Sep73; LP43217.


LP43218.

Separate vacations. A Charade production. Produced in association with
MGM TV. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam’s rib) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 5Oct73; LP43218.


LP43219.

For richer, for poorer. A Charade production. Produced in association
with MGM TV. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam’s rib) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 9Nov73; LP43219.


LP43220.

Murder. A Charade production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam’s rib) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
16Nov73; LP43220.


LP43221.

Too many cooks. A Charade production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam’s rib) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 28Dec73; LP43221.


LP43222.

Delilah. A Charade production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam’s rib) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
2Nov73; LP43222.


LP43223.

Two pairs of pants. A Charade production. Produced in association with
MGM TV. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam’s rib) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 21Sep73; LP43223.


LP43224.

Danish pastry. A Charade production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam’s rib) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 28Sep73; LP43224.


LP43225.

Katey at the bat. A Charade production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam’s rib) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 26Oct73; LP43225.


LP43226.

It’s your turn — to steer. A Thirty five-System production. 13 min.,
sd., 16 mm. © Fairchild Industries, Inc.; 4Sep73; LP43226.


LP43227.

It’s a mystery, Charlie Brown. A Lee Mendelson-Bill Melendez production.
Produced in cooperation with United Feature Syndicate, Inc. & Charles M.
Schulz Creative Associates. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © United Feature
Syndicate; 1Feb74; LP43227.


LP43228.

Mother lode. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: David Pillar. ©
David Pillar; 1Feb74; LP43228.


LP43229.

Operation: Time fuse. Treasury Productions. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
(O’Hara, United States Treasury) © Treasury Productions; 14Oct71;
LP43229.


LP43230.

Operation: Hot shot. Treasury Productions. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
(O’Hara, United States Treasury) © Treasury Productions; 28Oct71;
LP43230.


LP43231.

Operation: Wastepaper world. Treasury Productions. 53 min., sd., color,
35 mm. (O’Hara, United States Treasury) © Treasury Productions; 30Sep71;
LP43231.


LP43232.

Jabberwocky. Produced for SIM by Kratky Film. 14 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © SIM Productions, Inc.; 21Dec73; LP43232.


LP43233.

I am Joe’s spine. A Nicholson Muir production. 29 min., sd., color,
videotape (1/2 inch) in cassette. © The Reader’s Digest Association,
Inc.; 1Nov73 (in notice: 1972); LP43233.


LP43234.

The Possessed. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 2Jan68; LP43234.


LP43235.

Counterattack. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 9Jan68; LP43235.


LP43236.

The Pit. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 16Jan68; LP43236.


LP43237.

The Organization. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association
with American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 30Jan68; LP43237.


LP43238.

The Peacemaker. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 6Feb68; LP43238.


LP43239.

The Vise. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 20Feb68; LP43239.


LP43240.

The Miracle. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 27Feb68; LP43240.


LP43241.

The Life seekers. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association
with American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 5Mar68; LP43241.


LP43242.

The Pursued. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 12Mar68; LP43242.


LP43243.

The Inquisition. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 26Mar68; LP43243.


LP43244.

Condition: red. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 5Sep67; LP43244.


LP43245.

The Saucer. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 12Sep67; LP43245.


LP43246.

The Watchers. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 19Sep67; LP43246.


LP43247.

Valley of the shadow. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association
with American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 26Sep67; LP43247.


LP43248.

The Enemy. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 3Oct67; LP43248.


LP43249.

The Trial. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 10Oct67; LP43249.


LP43250.

The Spores. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 17Oct67; LP43250.


LP43251.

Dark outpost. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 24Oct67; LP43251.


LP43252.

Summit meeting. Pt. 2. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in
association with American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 7Nov67;
LP43252.


LP43253.

The Prophet. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 14Nov67; LP43253.


LP43254.

Labyrinth. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 21Nov67; LP43254.


LP43255.

The Captive. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 28Nov67; LP43255.


LP43256.

The Believers. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 5Dec67; LP43256.


LP43257.

Task force. A Quinn Martin production. Produced in association with
American Broadcasting Company Television Network. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Invaders) © QM Productions; 26Dec67; LP43257.


LP43258.

Zardoz. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Twentieth Century
Fox Film Corporation; 13Mar74 (in notice: 1973); LP43258.


LP43259.

Jamaica Inn. A Mayflower production. 10 reels, sd., b&w, 35 mm. © on 10
min. of new material; Film Archives Company; 1Feb74 (in notice: 1973);
LP43259.


LP43260.

Cinderella liberty. A Sanford production. 117 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. Based on Darryl Ponicsan’s novel. © Twentieth Century Fox
Film Corporation; 18Dec73; LP43260.


LP43261.

The Paper chase. A Thompson/Paul production. 100 min., sd., color, 35
mm., Panavision. Based upon the novel by John Jay Osborn, Jr. ©
Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation; 16Oct73; LP43261.


LP43262.

The Seven ups. Philip D’Antoni Productions, Inc. 103 min., sd., color,
35 mm. © Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation; 21Dec73; LP43262.


LP43263.

The Laughing policeman. Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. 112
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation;
20Dec73; LP43263.


LP43264.

Urban impact on weather and climate. Davidson Films. 16 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc.; 13Jun72; LP43264.


LP43265.

Slither. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
21Mar74; LP43265.


LP43266.

Honky tonk. A Douglas Heyes production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm., Panavision. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 1Apr74; LP43266.


LP43267.

The Super cops. A Saint Regis Films, Inc.-Winger Enterprises, Inc.
production. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon the book by L. H.
Whittemore. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 20Mar74 (in notice: 1973);
LP43267.


LP43268.

Cop killer. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Shaft) Based on characters
created by Ernest Tidyman. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 1Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); LP43268.


LP43269.

Murder on the 13th floor. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawkins) © Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 5Feb74; LP43269.


LP43270.

Candidate for murder. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawkins) © Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 5Mar74; LP43270.


LP43271.

Capricorn murders. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Shaft) Based on
characters created by Ernest Tidyman. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
29Jan74; LP43271.


LP43272.

Deceived. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
7Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP43272.


LP43273.

Moment of decision. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 14Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP43273.


LP43274.

Runaway. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
21Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP43274.


LP43275.

The Killing. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Shaft) Based on characters
created by Ernest Tidyman. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 30Oct73;
LP43275.


LP43276.

Hit-run. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Shaft) Based on characters created
by Ernest Tidyman. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 20Nov73; LP43276.


LP43277.

The Kidnapping. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Shaft) Based on characters
created by Ernest Tidyman. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 11Dec73;
LP43277.


LP43278.

The Executioners. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Shaft) Based on
characters created by Ernest Tidyman. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
9Oct73; LP43278.


LP43279.

Die, darling, die. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawkins) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 23Oct73; LP43279.


LP43280.

Blood feud. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawkins) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 4Dec73; LP43280.


LP43281.

Murder in the slave trade. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawkins) © Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 22Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP43281.


LP43282.

A Life for a life. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawkins) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 13Nov73; LP43282.


LP43283.

Murder in Movieland. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawkins) © Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 2Oct73; LP43283.


LP43284.

Fright and flight. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 4Feb70; LP43284.


LP45285.

A Duel with doom; formerly Second chance. An Alfra production. Produced
in association with MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center)
© Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 11Feb70; LP43285.


LP43286.

A Matter of tomorrow. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 25Feb70; LP43286.


LP43287.

Care is no cure. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 4Mar70; LP43287.


LP43288.

The Professional. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 11Mar70; LP43288.


LP43289.

The Combatants. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 18Mar70; LP43289.


LP43290.

The V. D. story. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 25Mar70; LP43290.


LP43291.

His brother’s keeper. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 1Apr70; LP43291.


LP43292.

Rebel in white. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 8Apr70; LP43292.


LP43293.

Between dark and daylight. An Alfra production. Produced in association
with MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 15Apr70; LP43293.


LP43294.

The Last ten yards. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 24Sep69; LP43294.


LP43295.

Victim. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
1Oct69; LP43295.


LP43296.

Emergency in Ward E. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 8Oct69; LP43296.


LP43297.

A Life is waiting. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 15Oct69; LP43297.


LP43298.

The Battle of Lily Wu. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 22Oct69; LP43298.


LP43299.

The Crooked circle. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 29Oct69; LP43299.


LP43300.

Thousands and thousands of miles. An Alfra production. Produced in
association with MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) ©
Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 12Nov69; LP43300.


LP43301.

The Sharpest edge. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 19Nov69; LP43301.


LP43302.

Jeopardy. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
26Nov69; LP43302.


LP43303.

Fallen image. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Add. ti.: The Public image.
© Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 3Dec69; LP43303.


LP43304.

The Loner. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
10Dec69; LP43304.


LP43305.

Twenty four hours. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 17Dec69; LP43305.


LP43306.

The Adversaries. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 31Dec69; LP43306.


LP43307.

Good sense about your stomach. A Time Life Video production. 12 min.,
sd., videotape in cassette. (An AMA health counseling program) © Time,
Inc.; 15Sep72; LP43307.


LP43308.

Demagogues and do gooders: noisy voices of the Depression. Time Life
Video. Made by Morrie Roizman. 20 min., sd., videotape in cassette. (The
March of time, 1935–1951) NM: compilation of material, new narration &
editorial revision. © Time, Inc.; 15Sep72; LP43308.


LP43309.

Exits and entrances: show biz in a lively era. Time Life Video. Made by
Morrie Roizman. 20 min., sd., videotape in cassette. (The March of time,
1935–1951) NM: compilation, new narration & editorial revision. © Time,
Inc.; 15Sep72; LP43309.


LP43310.

Billy Two Hats. A Norman Jewison-Patrick Palmer production. 99 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. © United Artists Corporation; 15Nov73; LP43310.


LP43311.

Thieves like us. 123 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the Edward Anderson
novel. © United Artists Corporation; 31Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP43311.


LP43312.

They’re attacking my tree fort. A production of Xerox Films. 18 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Come over to my house) Appl. au.: John H. Secondari
Productions. © Xerox Corporation; 16Aug72; LP43312.


LP43313.

I don’t want to sell Babe. A production of Xerox Films. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Come over to my house) Appl. au.: John H. Secondari
Productions. © Xerox Corporation; 20Apr72; LP43313.


LP43314.

I’m going to be the lion’s head. A production of Xerox Films. 19 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Come over to my house) Appl. au.: John H. Secondari
Productions. © Xerox Corporation; 8Jun72; LP43314.


LP43315.

Where’s my little lame stray? A production of Xerox Films. 19 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Come over to my house) Appl. au.: John H. Secondari
Productions. © Xerox Corporation; 11Oct72; LP43315.


LP43316.

Alone in my lobster boat. A production of Xerox Films. 16 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Come over to my house) Appl. au.: John H. Secondari
Productions. © Xerox Corporation; 24Feb72; LP43316.


LP43317.

Trouble on my paper route. A production of Xerox Films. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Come over to my house) Appl. au.: John H. Secondari
Productions. © Xerox Corporation; 14Sep72; LP43317.


LP43318.

The Murder machine. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Shaft) Based on
characters created by Ernest Tidyman. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
19Feb74; LP43318.


LP43319.

Shock! Pt. 2. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 29Dec71 (in notice: 1972); LP43319.


LP43320.

Winter kill. An Andy Griffith Enterprises production. Produced in
association with MGM TV. 98 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 15Apr74; LP43320.


LP43321.

Fatal decision. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 19Jan72; LP43321.


LP43322.

Terror. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
26Jan72; LP43322.


LP43323.

The Secret. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
2Feb72; LP43323.


LP43324.

The Choice. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
9Feb72; LP43324.


LP43325.

Deadlock. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
16Feb72; LP43325.


LP43326.

The Awakening. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 23Feb72; LP43326.


LP43327.

Conflict. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
1Mar72; LP43327.


LP43328.

Confession. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
8Mar72; LP43328.


LP43329.

Blood line. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
15Sep71; LP43329.


LP43330.

The Corrupted. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 22Sep71; LP43330.


LP43331.

The Imposter. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 29Sep71; LP43331.


LP43332.

Double jeopardy. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 6Oct71; LP43332.


LP43333.

The Idol maker. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 13Oct71; LP43333.


LP43334.

Circle of power. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 20Oct71; LP43334.


LP43335.

Shattered man. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 27Oct71; LP43335.


LP43336.

The Albatross. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 3Nov71; LP43336.


LP43337.

The Martyr. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
10Nov71; LP43337.


LP43338.

Suspected. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
17Nov71; LP43338.


LP43339.

The Loser. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
24Nov71; LP43339.


LP43340.

The Pawn. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
1Dec71; LP43340.


LP43341.

Conspiracy. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
8Dec71; LP43341.


LP43342.

The Nowhere child. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 15Dec71; LP43342.


LP43343.

Shock. Pt. 1. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 22Dec71; LP43343.


LP43344.

I’m sorry, baby. Narcotics Education, Inc. A Burt Martin Associates
production. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Narcotics Education, Inc.;
1Apr74; LP43344.


LP43345.

Billy Jack. National Student Film Corporation. 112 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © National Student Film Corporation; 28Apr71; LP43345.


LP43346.

Hell up in Harlem. A Larco production. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
American International Pictures, Inc.; 21Dec73; LP43346.


LP43347.

They call her One Eye. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © American
International Pictures, Inc.; 22Mar74; LP43347.


LP43348.

Savers scrip. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Midland Federal Savings (in
notice: Midland Federal Savings and Loan Association); 2Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); LP43348.


LP43349.

The Dryden file. Produced in association with Milbaker Productions &
Motivision, Ltd. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Milbaker Productions;
26Oct73; LP43349.


LP43350.

Who says I can’t ride a rainbow. A Jerry Hammer production. 85 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Equine Films, Inc.; 18Nov71 (in notice: 1970);
LP43350.


LP43351.

Three tough guys. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Produzioni DeLaurentiis
Intermaco, S. P. A.; 31Dec73; LP43351.


LP43352.

The Gaucho. Odyssey Pictures Corporation. 80 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
NM: condensation, revision & additions. © Odyssey Pictures Corporation;
15Sep55; LP43352.


LP43353.

The Fall of the House of Usher. 20 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Appl. au.:
Raymond Rohauer. © on condensation, revision & additions; Film Archives
Company; 25Nov72; LP43353.


LP43354.

Man on a swing. A Jaffilms, Inc. Howard B. Jaffe, Inc. production. 109
min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Paramount Pictures Corporation &
Jaffilms, Inc.; 22Feb74; LP43354.


LP43355.

The Conversation. The Directors Company. 113 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Paramount Pictures Corporation; 6Apr74; LP43355.


LP43356.

Thomasine and Bushrod. A Bernhard Julien film. 95 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 10Apr74 (in notice: 1973);
LP43356.


LP43357.

The Torment of Joan of Arc. CBS News. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (You
are there) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 8Jan72 (in notice:
1971); LP43357.


LP43358.

The Siege of the Alamo. CBS News. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (You are
there) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 9Oct71; LP43358.


LP43359.

The Nomination of Abraham Lincoln. CBS News. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(You are there) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 30Oct71; LP43359.


LP43360.

The Mystery of Amelia Earhart. CBS News. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(You are there) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 11Sep71; LP43360.


LP43361.

Fall of Troy. CBS News. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (You are there) ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 6Nov71; LP43361.


LP43362.

Harriet Tubman and the Underground Railroad. CBS News. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (You are there) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
25Sep71; LP43362.


LP43363.

Ordeal of a President. CBS News. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (You are
there) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 8Sep71; LP43363.


LP43364.

The Trial of Susan B. Anthony. CBS News. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(You are there) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 20Nov71; LP43364.


LP43365.

Lewis and Clark at the Great Divide. CBS News. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (You are there) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 18Sep71;
LP43365.


LP43366.

Paul Revere’s ride. CBS News. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (You are
there) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 23Oct71; LP43366.


LP43367.

The Record ride for the pony express. CBS News. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (You are there) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 2Oct71;
LP43367.


LP43368.

Columbus and Isabella. CBS News. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (You are
there) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 27Nov71; LP43368.


LP43369.

The Treason of Benedict Arnold. CBS News. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(You are there) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 18Dec71; LP43369.


LP43370.

Welcome home, Johnny Bristol. 120 min., sd., color, videotape (2 inch) ©
Cinema Center Films; 24Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP43370.


LP43371.

Where the lilies bloom. Radnitz/Mattel Productions, Inc. 97 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on the Newbery Award winning honor book
by Vera Cleaver & Bill Cleaver. © Radnitz/Mattel Productions, Inc.;
16Oct73; LP43371.


LP43372.

The Great Gatsby. A David Merrick production. 142 min., sd., color, 35
mm., Panavision. Based on the novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald. © Newdon
Company; 6Mar74; LP43372.


LP43373.

Conrack. Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. 106 min., sd., color,
35 mm., Panavision. From the book The Water is wide, by Pat Conroy. ©
Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation; 5Mar74; LP43373.


LP43374.

Who are you, Arthur Kolinski? Produced with cooperation of the American
Academy of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby,
M. D.) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Jan73 (in notice: 1972);
LP43374.


LP43375.

The Beast. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 28Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43375.


LP43376.

Clear with a civilian. Pt. 1. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in
association with Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam
12) © Adam 12 Productions; 7Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43376.


LP43377.

Clear with a civilian. Pt. 2. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in
association with Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam
12) © Adam 12 Productions; 14Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43377.


LP43378.

Suspended. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in cooperation with
Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 18Feb73 (in notice: 1972); LP43378.


LP43379.

Killing ground. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association
with Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 4Feb73 (in notice: 1972); LP43379.


LP43380.

Citizen’s arrest — 484. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in
association with Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam
12) © Adam 12 Productions; 21Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43380.


LP43381.

Showdown at the end of the world. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC
Sunday mystery movie: McCloud) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5Jan73
(in notice: 1972); LP43381.


LP43382.

The Million dollar roundup. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC Sunday
mystery movie: McCloud) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 4Feb73; LP43382.


LP43383.

The Mystery of the yellow rose. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in
association with Universal Studios. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC
Sunday mystery movie: Hec Ramsey) © Hec Ramsey Productions; 28Jan73 (in
notice: 1972); LP43383.


LP43384.

The Mystery of Chalk Hill. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in
association with Universal Studios. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC
Sunday mystery movie: Hec Ramsey) © Hec Ramsey Productions: 18Feb73 (in
notice: 1972); LP43384.


LP43385.

The Lisbon beat. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC Wednesday mystery
movie: Madigan) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 3Jan73 (in notice:
1972); LP43385.


LP43386.

The Park Avenue beat. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC Wednesday mystery
movie: Madigan) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Feb73; LP43386.


LP43387.

The Naples beat. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC Wednesday mystery
movie: Madigan) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 31Jan73; LP43387.


LP43388.

The Mystery of the green feather. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced
in association with Universal Studios. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC
Sunday mystery movie: Hec Ramsey) © Hec Ramsey Productions; 15Dec72;
LP43388.


LP43389.

Hangman’s wages. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association
with Universal Studios. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC Sunday mystery
movie: Hec Ramsey) © Hec Ramsey Productions; 27Oct72; LP43389.


LP43390.

The Manhattan beat. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC Wednesday mystery
movie: Madigan) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 20Sep72; LP43390.


LP43391.

The London beat. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC Wednesday mystery
movie: Madigan) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 18Nov72; LP43391.


LP43392.

The Midtown beat. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC Wednesday mystery
movie: Madigan) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 4Oct72; LP43392.


LP43393.

The New Mexican connection. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC Sunday
mystery movie: McCloud) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 29Sep72;
LP43393.


LP43394.

The Barefoot stewardess caper. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC Sunday
mystery movie: McCloud) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 3Dec72; LP43394.


LP43395.

The Park Avenue rustlers. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC Sunday
mystery movie: McCloud) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 22Dec72;
LP43395.


LP43396.

Catch a ring that isn’t there. Produced with cooperation of the American
Academy of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby,
M. D.) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 6Feb73; LP43396.


LP43397.

The Day after forever. Produced with cooperation of the American Academy
of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M. D.)
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 27Feb73; LP43397.


LP43398.

The Tortoise dance. Produced with cooperation of the American Academy of
Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M. D.) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 6Mar73; LP43398.


LP43399.

Ollinger’s last case. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 1Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43399.


LP43400.

A Special person. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 8Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43400.


LP43401.

The Caller. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 22Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43401.


LP43402.

Drivers. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Emergency) © Emergency Productions; 4Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43402.


LP43403.

School days. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Emergency) © Emergency Productions; 11Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43403.


LP43404.

Boot. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Emergency) © Emergency Productions; 25Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43404.


LP43405.

Hold down. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal Studios.
26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Escape) © Escape Productions; 11Feb73;
LP43405.


LP43406.

Render safe. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Escape) © Escape Productions;
11Mar73; LP43406.


LP43407.

Lost. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal Studios. 26
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Escape) © Escape Productions; 25Mar73;
LP43407.


LP43408.

Walk south. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal Studios.
26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Escape) © Escape Productions; 1Apr73;
LP43408.


LP43409.

Seed of doubt. Universal Studios. Produced in association with Groverton
Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor
at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 1Jan73 (in notice: 1972);
LP43409.


LP43410.

An Often and familiar ghost. Universal Studios. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen
Marshall, counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 4Jan73 (in
notice: 1972); LP43410.


LP43411.

Sometimes tough is good. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 15Jan73 (in notice:
1972); LP43411.


LP43412.

They’ve got to blame somebody. Universal Studios. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Owen Marshall, counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
12Feb73 (in notice: 1972); LP43412.


LP43413.

Night watch. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 11Feb73; LP43413.


LP43414.

Keeping tabs. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 11Mar73; LP43414.


LP43415.

Anatomy of a 415. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association
with Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 4Mar73; LP43415.


LP43416.

Easy rap. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 18Mar73; LP43416.


LP43417.

A Fool and his money. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in
association with Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam
12) © Adam 12 Productions; 25Feb73; LP43417.


LP43418.

A More exciting case. Produced with cooperation of the American Academy
of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M. D.)
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 2Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43418.


LP43419.

A Necessary end. Produced with cooperation of the American Academy of
Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M. D.) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 9Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43419.


LP43420.

Gemini descending. Produced with cooperation of the American Academy of
Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M. D.) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 23Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43420.


LP43421.

The Problem with Charlie. Produced with cooperation of the American
Academy of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby,
M. D.) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 30Jan73 (in notice: 1972);
LP43421.


LP43422.

The Working heart. Produced with cooperation of the American Academy of
Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M. D.) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 13Feb73 (in notice: 1972); LP43422.


LP43423.

The Other Martin Loring. Produced with cooperation of the American
Academy of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby,
M. D.) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 20Feb73; LP43423.


LP43424.

Love me in December. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 9Jan73; LP43424.


LP43425.

The Ghost of the dancing doll. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 12Feb73; LP43425.


LP43426.

All about Andrea. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 22Feb73; LP43426.


LP43427.

Another shell game. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 1Mar73; LP43427.


LP43428.

All honorable men. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 5Mar73; LP43428.


LP43429.

The Best laid plans. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 12Mar73; LP43429.


LP43430.

A Game of showdown. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 19Mar73; LP43430.


LP43431.

The Savage sentry. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 18Sep72; LP43431.


LP43432.

Programmed for panic. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 25Sep72; LP43432.


LP43433.

Down two roads. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 9Oct72; LP43433.


LP43434.

The Countdown. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 16Oct72; LP43434.


LP43435.

Camera, action, murder! A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 23Oct72; LP43435.


LP43436.

Riddle me death. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 2Nov72; LP43436.


LP43437.

Nightmare trip. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 9Nov72; LP43437.


LP43438.

The Deadly gamesmen. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 27Nov72; LP43438.


LP43439.

Who’ll cry for my baby? A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 4Dec72; LP43439.


LP43440.

Cold, hard cash. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 11Dec72; LP43440.


LP43441.

Shadow soldiers. A Harbour UTV production. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Ironside) © Harbour UTV; 18Dec72; LP43441.


LP43442.

Gifts and long letters. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in
association with Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam
12) © Adam 12 Productions; 17Dec72; LP43442.


LP43443.

Vendetta. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 15Oct72; LP43443.


LP43444.

Dirt duel. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 9Sep72; LP43444.


LP43445.

Badge heavy. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 23Oct72; LP43445.


LP43446.

Harry nobody. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 5Nov72; LP43446.


LP43447.

Training wheels. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association
with Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 8Oct72; LP43447.


LP43448.

O’Brien’s stand. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association
with Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 29Oct72; LP43448.


LP43449.

Lost and found. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association
with Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 1Oct72; LP43449.


LP43450.

The Late baby. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 16Sep72; LP43450.


LP43451.

Airdrop. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 24Sep72; LP43451.


LP43452.

The Chaser. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 3Dec72; LP43452.


LP43453.

The Surprise. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 12Nov72; LP43453.


LP43454.

Hot spell. A production of Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam 12) © Adam 12
Productions; 11Dec72; LP43454.


LP43455.

A Fragile possession. Produced with cooperation of the American Academy
of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M. D.)
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 12Sep72; LP43455.


LP43456.

Love is when they say they need you. Produced with cooperation of the
American Academy of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Marcus Welby, M. D.) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 19Sep72; LP43456.


LP43457.

We’ll walk out of here together. Produced with cooperation of the
American Academy of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Marcus Welby, M. D.) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 26Sep72; LP43457.


LP43458.

In sickness and in health. Produced with cooperation of the American
Academy of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby,
M. D.) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 3Oct72; LP43458.


LP43459.

House of mirrors. Produced with cooperation of the American Academy of
Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M. D.) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 10Oct72; LP43459.


LP43460.

He could sell iceboxes to Eskimos. Produced with cooperation of the
American Academy of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Marcus Welby, M. D.) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 17Oct72; LP43460.


LP43461.

The Wednesday game. Produced with cooperation of the American Academy of
Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M. D.) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 24Oct72; LP43461.


LP43462.

Don and Denise. Produced with cooperation of the American Academy of
Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M. D.) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 31Oct72; LP43462.


LP43463.

Please don’t send flowers. Produced with cooperation of the American
Academy of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby,
M. D.) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 14Nov72; LP43463.


LP43464.

With a shout, not a whimper. Produced with cooperation of the American
Academy of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby,
M. D.) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 21Nov72; LP43464.


LP43465.

Jason be nimble, Jason be quick. Produced with cooperation of the
American Academy of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Marcus Welby, M. D.) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Nov72; LP43465.


LP43466.

Unto the next generation. Produced with cooperation of the American
Academy of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby,
M. D.) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5Dec72; LP43466.


LP43467.

Heartbeat for yesterday. Produced with cooperation of the American
Academy of Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby,
M. D.) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 12Dec72; LP43467.


LP43468.

Dinner of herbs. Produced with cooperation of the American Academy of
Family Physicians. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M. D.) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 19Dec72; LP43468.


LP43469.

English logic static control program. 690 min., sd., color, videotape
(3/4 inch) © Ford Motor Company; 6Jun73; LP43469.


LP43470.

Big Jake. 109 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Batjac
Productions, Inc.; 24May71; LP43470.


LP43471.

Question of guilt. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 3Jan73; LP43471.


LP43472.

The Judgement. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 10Jan73; LP43472.


LP43473.

End of the line; formerly Brush with death. An Alfra production.
Produced in association with MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 17Jan73; LP43473.


LP43474.

Between two fires. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 24Jan73; LP43474.


LP43475.

Night cry. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
31Jan73; LP43475.


LP43476.

No margin for error. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 7Feb73; LP43476.


LP43477.

Impact. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
14Feb73; LP43477.


LP43478.

Fatal memory. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 21Feb73; LP43478.


LP43479.

The Vortex. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
28Feb73; LP43479.


LP43480.

Vision of doom. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 13Sep72; LP43480.


LP43481.

Cycle of peril. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 20Sep72; LP43481.


LP43482.

Condemned. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
27Sep72; LP43482.


LP43483.

The Torn man. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 11Oct72; LP43483.


LP43484.

A Wall of silence. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 4Oct72; LP43484.


LP43485.

The Betrayed. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 18Oct72; LP43485.


LP43486.

Doctor and Mister Harper. An Alfra production. Produced in association
with MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 25Oct72; LP43486.


LP43487.

The Fallen. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
1Nov72; LP43487.


LP43488.

Tio Taco, M. D. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 8Nov72; LP43488.


LP43489.

The Outcast. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 15Nov72; LP43489.


LP43490.

No sanctuary. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 22Nov72; LP43490.


LP43491.

The Gladiator. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 29Nov72; LP43491.


LP43492.

No way out. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
6Dec72; LP43492.


LP43493.

A Game for one player. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 13Dec72; LP43493.


LP43494.

Pressure point. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 20Dec72; LP43494.


LP43495.

As the tumbleweed turns. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Hoot Kloot) ©
United Artists Corporation; 8Apr74 (in notice: 1973); LP43495.


LP43496.

Hunt for a lonely girl. Universal Studios. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cool million) (NBC Wednesday mystery movie) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 25Oct72; LP43496.


LP43497.

Assault on Gavaloni. Universal Studios. 80 mm., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cool
million) (NBC Wednesday mystery movie) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
22Nov72; LP43497.


LP43498.

The Abduction of Bayard Barnes. Universal Studios. 80 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Cool million) (NBC Wednesday mystery movie) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 6Dec72; LP43498.


LP43499.

The Million dollar misunderstanding. Universal Studios. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Cool million) (NBC Wednesday mystery movie) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 20Dec72; LP43499.


LP43500.

Milton Berle is the life of the party. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
11Feb74 (in notice: 1973); LP43500.


LP43501.

Mary Jane’s boyfriend. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 18Feb74
(in notice: 1973); LP43501.


LP43502.

Lucy Carter meets Lucille Ball. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
4Mar74 (in notice: 1973); LP43502.


LP43503.

Lucy the sheriff. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 28Jan74 (in notice:
1973); LP43503.


LP43504.

Lucy is a birdsitter. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 7Jan74 (in
notice: 1975); LP43504.


LP43505.

Meanwhile back at the office. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
14Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP43505.


LP43506.

Lucy is N. G. as R. N. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 21Jan74
(in notice: 1973); LP43506.


LP43507.

Lucy and Phil Harris strike up the band. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.
27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions,
Inc.; 25Feb74; LP43507.


LP43508.

Lucy fights the system. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 18Mar74;
LP43508.


LP43509.

Where is my wandering mother tonight? Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
11Mar74; LP43509.


LP43510.

Lucy and Danny Thomas. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 10Sep73;
LP43510.


LP43511.

Lucy plays cops and robbers. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
26Nov73; LP43511.


LP43512.

Lucy the peacemaker. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 24Sep73; LP43512.


LP43513.

The Big game. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 17Sep73; LP43513.


LP43514.

Lucy the wealthy widow. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 1Oct73;
LP43514.


LP43515.

The Bow Wow Boutique. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 8Oct73;
LP43515.


LP43516.

Lucy’s tenant. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 22Oct73; LP43516.


LP43517.

Lucy gives Eddie Albert the old song and dance. Lucille Ball
Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille
Ball Productions, Inc.; 15Oct73; LP43517.


LP43518.

Lucy and Andy Griffith. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 29Oct73;
LP43518.


LP43519.

Lucy and Joan Rivers do jury duty. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
5Nov73; LP43519.


LP43520.

Tipsy through the tulips. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 12Nov73;
LP43520.


LP43521.

The Carters meet Frankie Avalon. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
19Nov73; LP43521.


LP43522.

Harry catches goldfever. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 3Dec73;
LP43522.


LP43523.

Lucy and Chuck Connors have a surprise slumber party. Lucille Ball
Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Lucille
Ball Productions, Inc.; 17Dec73; LP43523.


LP43524.

Conscience. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM:
additions & compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 14Sep72; LP43524.


LP43525.

Ben Franklin. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM:
additions & compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 5Sep72; LP43525.


LP43526.

Automobiles. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM:
additions & compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 30Oct72; LP43526.


LP43527.

Lions. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm, (The Mouse factory) NM: additions &
compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 22Sep72; LP43527.


LP43528.

Cats. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM: additions &
compilation. © Walt Disney Productions 24Oct72; LP43528.


LP43529.

Homes. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM: additions &
compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 7Sep72; LP43529.


LP43530.

Penguins. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM: additions
& compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 29Sep72; LP43530.


LP43531.

Knights of old. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM:
additions & compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 22Sep72; LP43531.


LP43532.

Mice. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM: additions &
compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 16Oct72; LP43532.


LP43533.

Elephants. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM: additions
& compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 13Oct72; LP43533.


LP43534.

The Wheel. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM: additions
& compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 7Sep72; LP43534.


LP43535.

Winter fun. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM:
additions & compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 6Oct72; LP43535.


LP43536.

Pluto. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM: additions &
compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 29Sep72; LP43536.


LP43537.

Trains. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM: additions &
compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 14Sep72; LP43537.


LP43538.

Dancing. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM: additions &
compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 30Oct72; LP43538.


LP43539.

Tugboats. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM: additions
& compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 24Oct72; LP43539.


LP43540.

Noah’s ark. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM:
additions & compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 22Sep72; LP43540.


LP43541.

Bullfighting. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM:
additions & compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 14Sep72; LP43541.


LP43542.

Mickey and the beanstalk. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse
factory) NM: additions & compilation. © Walt Disney Productions;
24Oct72; LP43542.


LP43543.

Reluctant dragon. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM:
additions & compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 1Nov72; LP43543.


LP43544.

Mickey Mouse. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM:
additions & compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 29Sep72; LP43544.


LP43545.

Alligators. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM:
additions & compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 31Aug72; LP43545.


LP43546.

Hunting. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM: additions &
compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 4Oct72; LP43546.


LP43547.

T. V. watching. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Mouse factory) NM:
additions & compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 13Oct72; LP43547.


LP43548.

The Sting. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal Pictures; 25Dec73;
LP43548.


LP43549.

The Adding machine. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon the play by
Elmer Rice. © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 23Sep69 (in notice: 1968);
LP43549.


LP43550.

Mod, mod Lucy. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in association
with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures Corporation.
27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu Productions, Inc.;
23Sep68; LP43550.


LP43551.

Lucy visits Jack Benny. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 30Sep68; LP43551.


LP43552.

Lucy the process server. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 7Oct68; LP43552.


LP43553.

Lucy and Miss Shelley Winters. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced
in association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount
Pictures Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 14Oct68; LP43553.


LP43554.

Lucy the conclusion jumper. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 21Oct68; LP43554.


LP43555.

Lucy’s impossible mission. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 28Oct68; LP43555.


LP43556.

Lucy and Eva Gabor. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 11Nov68; LP43556.


LP43557.

Lucy’s birthday. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in association
with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures Corporation.
27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu Productions, Inc.;
18Nov68; LP43557.


LP43558.

Lucy sells Craig to Wayne Newton. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.
Produced in association with Paramount Television, a division of
Paramount Pictures Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s
Lucy) © Desilu Productions, Inc.; 25Nov68; LP43558.


LP43559.

Lucy’s working daughter. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 2Dec68; LP43559.


LP43560.

Guess who owes Lucy $23.50? Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 9Dec68; LP43560.


LP43561.

Lucy the matchmaker. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 16Dec68; LP43561.


LP43562.

Lucy and the gold rush. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 30Dec68; LP43562.


LP43563.

Lucy the fixer. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in association
with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures Corporation.
27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu Productions, Inc.;
6Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP43563.


LP43564.

Lucy and the ex-con. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 13Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP43564.


LP43565.

Lucy goes on strike. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 20Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP43565.


LP43566.

Lucy and Carol Burnett. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 27Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP43566.


LP43567.

Lucy and the great airport chase. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.
Produced in association with Paramount Television, a division of
Paramount Pictures Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s
Lucy) © Desilu Productions, Inc.; 3Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP43567.


LP43568.

A Date for Lucy. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in association
with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures Corporation.
27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu Productions, Inc.;
10Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP43568.


LP43569.

Lucy the shopping expert. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 17Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP43569.


LP43570.

Lucy gets her man. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 24Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP43570.


LF43571.

Lucy’s safari. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced in association
with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount Pictures Corporation.
27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu Productions, Inc.;
3Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP43571.


LP43572.

Lucy and Tennessee Ernie Ford. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. Produced
in association with Paramount Television, a division of Paramount
Pictures Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s Lucy) © Desilu
Productions, Inc.; 10Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP43572.


LP43573.

Lucy helps Craig get a driver’s license. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.
Produced in association with Paramount Television, a division of
Paramount Pictures Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here’s
Lucy) © Desilu Productions, Inc.; 17Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP43573.


LP43574.

We have an addict in the house. Communications Foundation, Inc. Produced
in cooperation with Avant Association of Voluntary Agencies on Narcotics
Treatment, Inc. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communications Foundation,
Inc.; 4Jan73; LP43574.


LP43575.

How do I love thee? A Freeman-Enders production. 109 min., sd., color,
35 mm. From the novel, Let me count the ways, by Peter DeVries. © ABC
Pictures Corporation; 1Oct70; LP43575.


LP43576.

The Bootleggers. A Charles B. Pierce production. 117 min., sd., color,
35 mm. © Charles B. Pierce Advertising and Productions, Inc.; 18Jan74;
LP43576.


LP43577.

The Effect of gamma rays on man in the moon marigolds. 101 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation; 14Mar73 (in
notice: 1972); LP43577.


LP43578.

Pitfall. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
6Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP43578.


LP43579.

Web of darkness. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 13Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP43579.


LP43580.

Danger point. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 27Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP43580.


LP43581.

Countdown. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
17Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP43581.


LP43582.

Secret heritage. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 3Feb71; LP43582.


LP43583.

Edge of violence. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 10Feb71; LP43583.


LP43584.

Perfection of vices. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 24Feb71; LP43584.


LP43585.

Man in hiding. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 3Mar71; LP43585.


LP43586.

Crossroads. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
10Mar71; LP43586.


LP43587.

Brink of doom. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 16Sep70; LP43587.


LP43588.

Undercurrent. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 23Sep70; LP43588.


LP43589.

Junkie. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
30Sep70; LP43589.


LP43590.

Assailant. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
7Oct70; LP43590.


LP43591.

The Clash. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
14Oct70; LP43591.


LP43592.

Ghetto clinic. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 21Oct70; LP43592.


LP43593.

Scream of silence. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 28Oct70; LP43593.


LP43594.

Death grip. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
4Nov70; LP43594.


LP43595.

Witch hunt. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
11Nov70; LP43595.


LP43596.

Deadly encounter. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 18Nov70; LP43596.


LP43597.

Trial by terror. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 25Nov70; LP43597.


LP43598.

The Accused. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 2Dec70; LP43598.


LP43599.

Crisis. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
9Dec70; LP43599.


LP43600.

Man at bay. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
16Dec70; LP43600.


LP43601.

The Savage image. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 30Dec70; LP43601.


LP43602.

The Don is dead. A Universal picture. 115 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
on the novel by Marvin H. Albert. © Universal Pictures; 14Nov73;
LP43602.


LP43603.

That man Bolt. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal Pictures;
12Dec73; LP43603.


LP43604.

Charley Varrick. A Siegel film. 111 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. From the novel, The Looters, by John Reese. © Universal
Pictures; 5Oct73; LP43604.


LP43605.

Breezy. A Malpaso Company film. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal
Pictures & The Malpaso Company; 18Nov73; LP43605.


LP43606.

Kotch. A Kotch Company production, a division of Frugal Films, Ltd. 114
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Katharine Topkins. © ABC
Pictures Corporation; 30Sep71; LP43606.


LP43607.

Flossie and religion. A Filmways Television production. 26 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Daddy’s girl) © Filmways Television Productions, Inc.;
19Jun73; LP43607.


LP43608.

The Black pirate. The Boltons Trading Corporation by arrangement with
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. & Raymond Rohauer. 236 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. NM:
revision & additions. © Boltons Trading Corporation; 2Apr74; LP43608.


LP43609.

The Spikes Gang. A Mirisch-Duo production. Produced in association with
Sanford Productions, Inc. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the
novel, The Bank robber, by Giles Tippette. © The Mirisch Corporation of
California; 18Mar74; LP43609.


LP43610.

The Convention. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 26Dec72 (in notice:
1973); LP43610.


LP43611.

Grass story. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 28Nov72; LP43611.


LP43612.

High flying spy. Pt. 3. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Wonderful world
of Disney, 1972–1973 series) Based on the book, High spy, by Robert
Edmond Alter. © Walt Disney Productions; 31Oct72; LP45612.


LP43613.

Anaerobic infections. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Upjohn Vanguard
of Medicine, no. 17) © The Upjohn Company; 2Apr74; LP43613.


LP43614.

The Girl who ran out of night. Douglas Lloyd McIntosh. 52 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Douglas Lloyd McIntosh & New York University; 1Apr74;
LP43614.


LP43615.

The Man who changed the Navy. 52 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National
Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 28Jan74; LP43615.


LP43616.

If that’s a gnome, this must be Zurich. 52 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 10Dec73; LP43616.


LP43617.

It happened in Hollywood. 71 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Bulo
Productions, Inc.; 17Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43617.


LP43618.

The Doberman gang. A Rosamond Productions, Inc. presentation. 87 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. © Rosamond Productions, Inc.; 21May72; LP43618.


LP43619.

Hello, Mother, goodbye. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 15May74 (in notice: 1973); LP43619.


LP43620.

Shirts/skins. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
15May74; LP43620.


LP43621.

High plains drifter. Malpaso Company. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. © Universal Pictures & The Malpaso Company; 29Mar73;
LP43621.


LP43622.

The Naked ape. A Universal/Playboy film. 85 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based on the book by Desmond Morris. © Universal Pictures & Playboy
Productions, Inc.; 17Aug73; LP43622.


LP43623.

Willie Dynamite. A Universal Zanuck/Brown picture. Produced in
association with Generation 70, Inc. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 19Dec73; LP43623.


LP43624.

American graffiti. A Lucasfilm, Ltd./Coppola Company production. 109
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal Pictures; 1Aug73; LP43624.


LP43625.

Cancel my reservation. A Naho Enterprises production. 99 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Based on the novel, The Broken gun, by Louis L’Amour. ©
Naho Enterprises; 22Sep72; LP43625.


LP43626.

Mean streets. Taplin Perry Scorsese Productions. 112 min., sd., color,
35 mm. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 14Oct73; LP43626.


LP43627.

It’s the Easter beagle, Charlie Brown. A Lee Mendelson, Bill Melendez
production. Produced in cooperation with United Feature Syndicate, Inc.
& Charles M. Schulz Creative Assoc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © United
Feature Syndicate, Inc.; 9Apr74; LP43627.


LP43628.

Chinatown. 131 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Long Road
Productions; 20Jun74; LP43628.


LP43629.

The Big growl. Walter J. Klein Company, Ltd. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: The Junior League of Charlotte, North Carolina, Inc. © The
Junior League of Charlotte, North Carolina, Inc.; 1Nov73; LP43629.


LP43630.

Mesa trouble. A DePatie Freleng production. Produced in association with
the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Hoot Kloot)
Appl. au.: United Artists Corporation. © United Artists Corporation;
16May74 (in notice: 1973); LP43630.


LP43631.

Saddle soap opera. A DePatie Freleng production. Produced in association
with the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Hoot
Kloot) Appl. au.: United Artists Corporation. © United Artists
Corporation; 16May74; LP43631.


LP43632.

Thunderbolt and Lightfoot. A Malpaso Company film. 115 min., sd., color,
35 mm., Panavision. © The Malpaso Company; 22Apr74; LP43632.


LP43633.

Mister Majestyk. Mirisch Corporation of California. 103 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm., Panavision. © The Mirisch Corporation of California;
26Mar74; LP43633.


LP43634.

Kloot’s kounty. A DePatie Freleng production. Produced in association
with the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Hoot
Kloot) Appl. au.: United Artists Corporation. © United Artists
Corporation; 19Jan73; LP43634.


LP43635.

By Hoot or by crook. A DePatie Freleng production. Produced in
association with the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (Hoot Kloot) Appl. au.: United Artists Corporation. © United Artists
Corporation; 17Apr74 (in notice: 1973); LP43635.


LP43636.

Big beef at the O. K. Corral. A DePatie Freleng production. Produced in
association with the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (Hoot Kloot) Appl. au.: United Artists Corporation. © United Artists
Corporation; 17Apr74 (in notice: 1973); LP43636.




                                   LU
                             REGISTRATIONS


LU3664.

Op-Op the eskimo and the igloos of OOmy. 8 min., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: Brian Gary Withers. © Brian Gary Withers; 14Jan74; LU3664.


LU3665.

Sarah’s war. 23 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Lothar Spree. © Lothar
Spree; 21Jan74; LU3665.


LU3666.

Impulse. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au.: Conqueror Films, Inc.
(Socrates Ballis, President) © Conqueror Films, Inc.; 24Jan74; LU3666.


LU3667.

The Magic land of Mother Goose. 60 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au.:
J. Edwin Baker. © J. Edwin Baker; 20Mar74; LU3667.


LU3668.

Doctor Quik and the exchange ray. 10 min., Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Angelo
A. DelMonte. © Angelo A. DelMonte; 4Mar74; LU3668.


LU3669.

Steppenwolf, for madmen only. 95 min. Adapted from the novel by Hermann
Hesse. Appl. au.: Produ Film Company. © Peter J. Sprague; 25Mar74;
LU3669.


LU3670.

The Dipsy Doodle show. 60 min., sd., videotape. © Storer Broadcasting
Company; 8Apr74; LU3670.


LU3671.

The Investigator. 92 min. Appl. au.: Lira Films. © Doyen Properties
Associates; 22Apr74; LU3671.


LU3672.

Ladies and gentlemen, the Rolling Stones. 6 reels, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Musifilm B. V.; 19Mar74; LU3672.


LU3673.

The Liberation of Cherry Jankowski. John Russo & Russell W. Streiner. 86
min., sd., color, 16 mm. From the novel by John Russo. Appl. au.: New
American Films, Inc. © New American Films, Inc.; 3Apr74; LU3673.


LU3674.

The Chess game. 13 min., sd., Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Stephen P. Hines. ©
Stephen P. Hines; 26Jun74; LU3674.




                                   MP
                             REGISTRATIONS


MP24724.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 455. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 21Nov73; MP24724.


MP24725.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 504. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 4Nov73; MP24725.


MP24726.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 518. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 7Dec73; MP24726.


MP24727.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 456. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 21Nov73; MP24727.


MP24728.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 445. Ambassador College. 28 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 24Aug73; MP24728.


MP24729.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 434. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 24Aug73; MP24729.

MP24730. Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 514. Ambassador College. 29 min.,
sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 7Dec73; MP24730.


MP24731.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 475. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 5Sep73; MP24731.


MP24732.

Functions. 4 min., si., color, 8 mm. (Calculus in motion) Appl. au.:
Bruce & Katherine Cornwell. © Houghton Mifflin Company; 15Jun73;
MP24732.


MP24733.

Time Life Video speed reading system. A Daniel Wilson production for
Time Life Video. 190 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Time,
Inc.; 15Sep72; MP24733.


MP24734.

The Alarming problem. Fire Service Extension and Film Production Unit,
Iowa State University. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State
University a. a. d. o. Iowa State University of Science and Technology;
3Apr73; MP24734.


MP24735.

Infant appraisal. United Cerebral Palsy Association of Santa Clara
County, United Cerebral Palsy Association of San Mateo County & Santa
Clara County Health Department. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © United
Cerebral Palsy Association of Santa Clara County, Inc.; 26Dec73;
MP24735.


MP24736.

Element. A film by Amy Greenfield. 12 min., si., b&w, 16 mm. © Amy
Greenfield; 1Dec73; MP24736.


MP24737.

Hawaii — the fortunate isles. Cate and McGlone Films. 31 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Cate and McGlone Films; 25Feb73; MP24737.


MP24738.

Mexican or American. An Atlantis production. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Bernard Selling. © Atlantis Productions, Inc.; 9Apr70;
MP24738.


MP24739.

A Better life through electricity. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © William
Ditzel Productions; 30Nov72; MP24739.


MP24740.

Tribal people of Mindanao. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub.
10Dec71. NM: abridgment. © National Geographic Society; 5Dec72; MP24740.


MP24741.

About zoos. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (About) From the television
special Zoos of the world. Prev. pub. 9Sep70, MP20939. NM: abridgment. ©
National Geographic Society; 16Mar73 (in notice: 1971); MP24741.


MP24742.

From Homo Erectus to Neanderthal. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Origins
of man) Adapted from the MGM documentary television special The Man
hunters. Prev. pub. 17Feb70, LP41140. NM: abridgment. © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 14Dec72 (in notice: 1970); MP24742.


MP24743.

Early man in North America. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Origins of man)
Adapted from the MGM documentary television special In search of the
lost world. Prev. pub. 17Apr72, LP41311. NM: abridgment. © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 28Nov72; MP24743.


MP24744.

Civilizations of ancient America. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Origins
of man) Adapted from the MGM documentary television special In search of
the lost world. Prev. pub. 17Apr72, LP41311. NM: abridgment. © Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 27Nov72; MP24744.


MP24745.

Apemen of Africa. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Origins of man) Adapted
from MGM documentary’s television special The Man hunters. Prev. pub.
17Feb70, LP41140. NM: abridgment. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 14Dec72
(in notice: 1970); MP24745.


MP24746.

I’m no fool with fire. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions;
20Sep73; MP24746.


MP24747.

You and your eyes. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Prev.
reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions; 20Sep73;
MP24747.


MP24748.

I’m no fool having fun. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions;
20Sep73; MP24748.


MP24749.

Gears and machines. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Prev.
reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions; 20Sep73;
MP24749.


MP24750.

The Pedestrian. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Prev. reg.
NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions; 20Sep73; MP24750.


MP24751.

Donald discovers transportation. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney
Productions; 20Sep73; MP24751.


MP24752.

Navajo arts and crafts. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions;
20Sep73; MP24752.


MP24753.

A Day with a Navajo family. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney
Productions; 20Sep73; MP24753.


MP24754.

You and your sense of smell and taste. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney
Productions; 20Sep73; MP24754.


MP24755.

The Camel. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Prev. reg. NM:
compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions; 20Sep73; MP24755.


MP24756.

The Living Machine at work. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney
Productions; 20Sep73; MP24756.


MP24757.

Assembling a puppet. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Prev.
reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions; 20Sep73;
MP24757.


MP24758.

You and your senses. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Prev.
reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions; 20Sep73;
MP24758.


MP24759.

You and your food. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Prev.
reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions; 20Sep73;
MP24759.


MP24760.

Muskrat family. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Prev. reg.
NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions; 2Feb72;
MP24760.


MP24761.

Sea lion colony surfing. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions;
2Feb72; MP24761.


MP24762.

Food chains in a lake environment. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24762.


MP24763.

Wolf adaptations for defense. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24763.


MP24764.

The Wolf and the badger. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions;
2Feb72; MP24764.


MP24765.

Silver fox hunting for prey. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24765.


MP24766.

Silver fox — competition among males. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24766.


MP24767.

Silver fox den and pups. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions;
2Feb72; MP24767.


MP24768.

Bears fishing for salmon. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions;
2Feb72; MP24768.


MP24769.

Pine marten getting food. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions;
2Feb72; MP24769.


MP24770.

Coyotes escape from man. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions;
2Feb72; MP24770.


MP24771.

Coyotes hunting. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Prev.
reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions;
2Feb72; MP24771.


MP24772.

Coyote den and pups. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add.
ti.: Coyote pups and den. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. ©
Walt Disney Productions; 2Feb72; MP24772.


MP24773.

Coyote pups growing up. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions;
2Feb72; MP24773.


MP24774.

Gathering information for weather forecasting. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. in cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt
Disney Productions; 2Feb72; MP24774.


MP24775.

Raccoon family. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Prev. reg.
NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions; 2Feb72;
MP24775.


MP24776.

Camouflage beneath the sea. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24776.


MP24777.

Ocelots — den and cubs. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions;
2Feb72; MP24777.


MP24778.

Bullfrogs protecting territory. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24778.


MP24779.

Predators and prey of the forest. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24779.


MP24780.

Weather: superstition and facts. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24780.


MP24781.

Weather — storm endangers forest animals. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt
Disney Productions; 2Feb72; MP24781.


MP24782.

Bobcat hunting. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Prev. reg.
NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions; 2Feb72;
MP24782.


MP24783.

Bobcat: mother and cubs. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions;
2Feb72; MP24783.


MP24784.

Weather: high and low pressure areas. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24784.


MP24785.

Raccoon survival techniques. Pt. 1. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24785.


MP24786.

Raccoon survival techniques. Pt. 2. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24786.


MP24787.

Raccoon getting food. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions;
2Feb72; MP24787.


MP24788.

Pine squirrel: mother and young. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24788.


MP24789.

Don’t feed the bears. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions;
2Feb72; MP24789.


MP24790.

Autumn in the forest. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions;
2Feb72; MP24790.


MP24791.

Wolf hunting pronghorn antelope. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24791.


MP24792.

Bird predators of the mountain water world. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt
Disney Productions; 2Feb72; MP24792.


MP24793.

Nesting habits of Canada geese. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24793.


MP24794.

Coyotes and man. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Prev.
reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney Productions;
2Feb72; MP24794.


MP24795.

Forest animals and their young. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & edited footage. © Walt Disney
Productions; 2Feb72; MP24795.


MP24796.

What’s new in gonorrhea? Primary Medical Communications, Inc. 16 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © E. R. Squibb and Sons, Inc.; 11Nov73; MP24796.


MP24797.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 527. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 13Dec73; MP24797.


MP24798.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 506. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 4Nov73;
MP24798.


MP24799.

Patriotic music: its influence on United States history, 1775–1900. A
Dana production, a division of Saparoff Films, Inc. 21 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au.: Albert Saparoff d. b. a. Dana Productions, division of
Saparoff Films, Inc. © Dana Productions, a division of Saparoff Films,
Inc.; 2Jan74; MP24799.


MP24800.

Physiological and behavioral effects of noise. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Wisconsin Regional Primate Research Center; 21Sep73; MP24800.


MP24801.

Liquids can burn. Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc. 13 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 17Dec73; MP24801.


MP24802.

The Maple sugar farmer. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: W. Craig
Hinde & Robert E. Davis. © W. Craig Hinde & Robert E. Davis; 1Apr73;
MP24802.


MP24803.

Spaced vision. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © ABBA Productions; 11Dec73;
MP24803.


MP24804.

Memoirs of a strawberry. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © ABBA Productions;
11Dec73; MP24804.


MP24805.

Elephant seal colony. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions; 2Feb72;
MP24805.


MP24806.

Little Red Ridinghood. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions;
20Sep73; MP24806.


MP24807.

How to make a puppet head. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions;
20Sep73; MP24807.


MP24808.

History of the bicycle. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Prev. reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions;
20Sep73; MP24808.


MP24809.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 538. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 15Jan74;
MP24809.


MP24810.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 507. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 14Nov73;
MP24810.


MP24811.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 508. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 19Nov73;
MP24811.


MP24812.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 452. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 5Dec73;
MP24812.


MP24813.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 453. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 5Dec73;
MP24813.


MP24814.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 454. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 5Dec73;
MP24814.


MP24815.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 512. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 5Dec73;
MP24815.


MP24816.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 513. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 5Dec73;
MP24816.


MP24817.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 515. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 5Dec73;
MP24817.


MP24818.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 519. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 7Dec73;
MP24818.


MP24819.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 520. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 7Dec73;
MP24819.


MP24820.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 521. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 10Dec73;
MP24820.


MP24821.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 517. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 10Dec73;
MP24821.


MP24822.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 509. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 10Dec73;
MP24822.


MP24823.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 510. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 10Dec73;
MP24823.


MP24824.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 522. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 13Dec73;
MP24824.


MP24825.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 523. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 13Dec73;
MP24825.


MP24826.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 525. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 13Dec73;
MP24826.


MP24827.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 526. Ambassador College. 28 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 13Dec73;
MP24827.


MP24828.

Stalking the wild cranberry: the making of a T V commercial. George Gage
Productions. Produced in cooperation with the Beverage and Breakfast
Foods Division of General Foods Corporation, Benton and Bowles, Inc. &
Euell Gibbons. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Association of
Advertising Agencies; 17Oct73; MP24828.


MP24829.

The Baggs. A Solari Carr production. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: Tom Solari, Clark Carr & James F. Griffith. © Tom Solari & Clark
Carr; 26Oct73; MP24829.


MP24830.

We’ve come of age. National Council of Senior Citizens. Made by Scad
Promotions, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Stan Anton. ©
National Council of Senior Citizens; 1Nov73; MP24830.


MP24831.

Wind raiders of the Sahara. National Geographic Society & Wolper
Productions. 50 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic Society;
28Aug73; MP24831.


MP24832.

Newspaper story. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. 2nd
edition. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The World of work) Prev. pub.
10Apr50, M42. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation;
19Jul73; MP24832.


MP24833.

T V news: behind the scenes. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The World of work) ©
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 17Aug73; MP24833.


MP24834.

The Mayfly: ecology of an aquatic insect. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation; 6Jul73; MP24834.


MP24835.

Starting school. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. 14
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation; 20Jul73; MP24835.


MP24836.

The American Indian speaks. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 27Jul73; MP24836.


MP24837.

Diffusion and osmosis. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation.
14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation; 24Aug73; MP24837.


MP24838.

Volcanoes: exploring the restless earth. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation. Produced in cooperation with the American
Geological Institute. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation; 21Sep73; MP24838.


MP24839.

What do you do while you wait? Maclovia. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 18Jul73; MP24839.


MP24840.

The Farmer in a changing America. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Rise of industrial
America) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 6Jul73;
MP24840.


MP24841.

The United States Supreme Court: guardian of the Constitution.
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. Made by Concept Films.
2nd edition. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. 9Dec54, 5848. ©
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 11Jun73; MP24841.


MP24842.

Say it — moving. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William Esty
Company, Inc. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 12Nov73; MP24842.


MP24843.

Gloriously clean/campus. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William
Esty Company, Inc. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 12Nov73; MP24843.


MP24844.

The Least of these, my brethren. A John R. Gregory production. Produced
in cooperation with the University of Southern Missions. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © John R. Gregory; 10Apr72; MP24844.


MP24845.

Stabilization: holding the roads. Engineering Research Institute, Soil
Research Laboratory & the Film Production Unit, Iowa State University.
21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a. a. d. o. Iowa
State University of Science and Technology; 20Oct73; MP24845.


MP24846.

Walking with the Master. 22 min., si., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Mani S.
Irani. © Mani S. Irani; 23Jun73; MP24846.


MP24847.

First aid action. The Sidaris Company, a subsidiary of Penn-Pacific
Corporation. Produced in cooperation with the American National Red
Cross, Los Angeles Chapter. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The Sidaris
Company; 12Nov73; MP24847.


MP24848.

Sexuality in the medical school curriculum. Ortho Pharmaceutical
Corporation. 3 motion pictures (29 min., 35 min., 31 min.), sd., color,
16 mm. © Ortho Pharmaceutical Corporation; 21May73 (in notice: 1972);
MP24848.


MP24849.

2 guys on 1 girl. 12 min., si., b & w, 8 mm. © Diverse Industries, Inc.;
15Nov73; MP24849.


MP24850.

Teenage pajama party. 12 min., si., b & w, 8 mm. © Diverse Industries,
Inc.; 15Nov73; MP24850.


MP24851.

Candy and Dick. 12 min., si., b & w, 8 mm. © Diverse Industries, Inc.;
15Nov73; MP24851.


MP24852.

Tits galore. 12 min., si., b & w, 8 mm. © Diverse Industries, Inc.;
15Nov73; MP24852.


MP24853.

Henry Miller, asleep and awake. Tom Schiller. 35 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Thomas Bennett Schiller d. b. a. Tom Schiller Films; 5Dec73;
MP24853.


MP24854.

Miller on special problems in the older diabetic. Science and Medicine
Films, a division of Science and Medicine Publishing Company, Inc. 6
min., sd., color. 16 mm. (Upjohn Mini-text series) Prev. reg. 18Jun73.
NM: Mini-text prologue. © The Upjohn Company; 8Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
MP24854.


MP24855.

Swans of Red Rock Lakes. Pt. 2. A Don Meier production. 23 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom) Add. ti.: Swans of Red
Rocks Lake. NM: cinematographic work. © Mutual of Omaha; 25Jan74;
MP24855.


MP24856.

Swans of Red Rock Lakes. Pt. 1. A Don Meier production. 23 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom) Add. ti.: Swans of Red
Rocks Lake. NM: cinematographic work. © Mutual of Omaha; 25Jan74;
MP24856.


MP24857.

Adventure above the Arctic Circle. A Don Meier production. 23 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom) NM: cinematographic work.
© Mutual of Omaha; 31Nov73; MP24857.


MP24858.

Coyote country. A Don Meier production. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom) NM: cinematographic work. © Mutual of
Omaha; 28Dec73; MP24858.


MP24859.

Isles of enchantment. Pt. 2. A Don Meier production. 23 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom) NM: cinematographic work.
© Mutual of Omaha: 2Nov73; MP24859.


MP24860.

Bass, U. S. A. A Mort Neff-Francis Carter Wood production. 25 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Francis Carter Wood, Inc.; 15Dec73; MP24860.


MP24861.

Digital computer engineering laboratory. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: The University of Michigan, Audio Visual Center. © The
University of Michigan; 1Dec73; MP24861.


MP24862.

The Energy environment game. A Portafilms production. 22 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Edison Electric Institute; 2Jul73; MP24862.


MP24863.

About candy. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (About) NM: abridgment. ©
Films, Inc.; 20Mar73 (in notice: 1972); MP24863.


MP24864.

About astronauts. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (About) Appl. states
copyright not claimed in official NASA films. NM: abridgment. © Films,
Inc.: 20Mar73 (in notice: 1972); MP24864.


MP24865.

About horses. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (About) Prev. pub. 1967. NM:
abridgment. © Films, Inc.; 2Mar73 (in notice: 1972); MP24865.


MP24866.

About dogs. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (About) Prev. pub. 1966. NM:
abridgment. © Films, Inc.; 9Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP24866.


MP24867.

About cats. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (About) Prev. pub. 1968. NM:
abridgment. © Films, Inc.; 29Nov72; MP24867.


MP24868.

Two brothers in Greece. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world)
NM: abridgment. © Public Media, Inc.; 25Sep69; MP24868.


MP24869.

Venezuela. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) NM:
abridgment. © Public Media, Inc.; 23Apr70; MP24869.


MP24870.

Bangkok. Institut fuer Film und Bild. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man
and his world) NM: abridgment. © Public Media, Inc.; 24Jul69; MP24870.


MP24871.

North Sea islanders. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) NM:
abridgment. © Public Media, Inc.; 22Sep69; MP24871.


MP24872.

Cork from Portugal. Institut fuer Film und Bild. 12 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Man and his world) NM: abridgment. © Public Media, Inc.; 28Jun70;
MP24872.


MP24873.

Coffee planters near Kilimanjaro. Institut fuer Film und Bild. 14 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) NM: abridgment. © Public Media,
Inc.; 5Feb70; MP24873.


MP24874.

School day in Japan. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (See ’n tell series)
NM: abridgment. © Public Media, Inc.; 10Jul70; MP24874.


MP24875.

Papua and New Guinea. Commonwealth Film Unit of Australia. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) NM: abridgment. © Public Media, Inc.;
15Sep70; MP24875.


MP24876.

Lake people of Scotland. Films of Scotland. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Man and his world) NM: abridgment. © Public Media, Inc.; 18Jun70;
MP24876.


MP24877.

The Bedouins of Arabia. Richard Taylor. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man
and his world) NM: abridgment. © Public Media, Inc.; 17Feb70; MP24877.


MP24878.

Orson Welles tonight. Pt. 1. Avco Broadcasting Corporation. 50 min.,
sd., color, videotape (2 inch) © Avco Broadcasting Corporation; 1Mar72;
MP24878.


MP24879.

The Last prom. Avco Broadcasting Corporation. 25 min., sd., color,
videotape (2 inch) © Avco Broadcasting Corporation; 4May68; MP24879.


MP24880.

Orson Welles tonight. Pt. 2. Avco Broadcasting Corporation. 51 min.,
sd., color, videotape (2 inch) © Avco Broadcasting Corporation; 5Jan73
(in notice: 1972); MP24880.


MP24881.

Two wheels to eternity. Avco Broadcasting Corporation. 25 min., sd.,
color, videotape (2 inch) © Avco Broadcasting Corporation; 23Sep68;
MP24881.


MP24882.

Appalachian heritage. Avco Broadcasting Corporation. 52 min., sd.,
color, videotape (2 inch) © Avco Broadcasting Corporation; 13Dec68;
MP24882.


MP24883.

If. Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc.; 23Apr73; MP24883.


MP24884.

The Right to know. Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc.; 23Jul73; MP24884.


MP24885.

The Magic garbage can. Explorer Post 2001. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Barry Rosen. © Barry Rosen & Randolph Dickerson (in notice:
Rosen-Dickerson); 23Dec73; MP24885.


MP24886.

Exploring inner space. Edward A. Franck. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
The National Foundation; 29Sep73; MP24886.


MP24887.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 534. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 8Jan74
(in notice: 1973); MP24887.


MP24888.

Writing better business letters. 2nd ed. A Coronet film. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 2Jul73; MP24888.


MP24889.

Dictionaries, words, and language. 2nd ed. A Coronet film. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 22Aug73; MP24889.


MP24890.

See better: healthy eyes. 2nd ed. A Coronet film. 11 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.;
14Aug73; MP24890.


MP24891.

The Nature of light. 2nd ed. Coronet film. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 15Aug73;
MP24891.


MP24892.

The Galapagos: Darwin’s clues. A Coronet film. 13 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 16Jul73;
MP24892.


MP24893.

The American people in World War 2. McGraw Hill Films & Project 7, Inc.
25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book Company. NM:
compilation & additional cinematic work. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 9Aug73;
MP24893.


MP24894.

Just like in school. McGraw Hill Films. Produced in collaboration with
Ted Lowry. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Learning to look series) Appl.
au.: McGraw Hill Book Company. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 9Aug73; MP24894.


MP24895.

Let’s find some faces. McGraw Hill Films. Produced in collaboration with
Ted Lowry. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Learning to look series) Appl.
au.: McGraw Hill Book Company. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 9Aug73; MP24895.


MP24896.

North from Mexico: exploration and heritage. A CMC production—Center for
Mass Communications of Columbia University Press. 20 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Adapted from the book, North from Mexico, by Carey McWilliams. ©
Greenwood Press, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP24896.


MP24897.

Dimension of difference. A Brigham Young University production. 16 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Motion Picture Department, Brigham Young
University. © Brigham Young University; 4Oct73; MP24897.


MP24898.

Thanks for the Sabbath school. Brigham Young University. 23 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Motion Picture Department, Brigham Young
University. © Brigham Young University; 1Oct73; MP24898.


MP24899.

This is my glory. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Motion Picture
Department, Brigham Young University. © Department of Motion Picture
Production (in notice: Brigham Young University); 25May73; MP24899.


MP24900.

The A, B, C’s and D’s of portable fire extinguishers. Bay State Film
Productions, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Esko Townell. ©
Factory Mutual Engineering Corporation; 10Jan74; MP24900.


MP24901.

Bread and wine. A Teleketics film. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Franciscan Communications Center; 1Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP24901.


MP24902.

Tomorrow we’ll see what happens. A Quest production. 30 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. © Ford Foundation; 30Dec73; MP24902.


MP24903.

District claims review panel. 36 min., sd., videotape (1/2 inch) © Aetna
Life and Casualty; 28Nov73; MP24903.


MP24904.

Bernie Casey: black artist. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.:
Samella Lewis. © S. Lewis; 18Apr71 (in notice: 1970); MP24904.


MP24905.

Where’s Tommy? An Alfred Higgins production. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 4Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP24905.


MP24906.

Early abortion. Ramsgate Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Ramsgate
Films; 1Nov73; MP24906.


MP24907.

Walkaway. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Beneficial Corporation; 31Dec73;
MP24907.


MP24908.

Let’s start with the forehand. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Tennis by
progression) © Golden Door Productions; 1Dec73; MP24908.


MP24909.

Ode to nature. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Marvin Albert.
Appl. states new film using some prev. pub. footage. © Marvin Albert
Films; 6Jan74; MP24909.


MP24910.

A Good thing. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au. William Esty and
Company. © Paalo Cervantes, Ltd., a subsidiary of Colgate Palmolive
Company; 19Nov73; MP24910.


MP24911.

Volcanic landscapes. Pt. 2. Martin Moyer Productions. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Martin Moyer. © Martin Moyer Productions;
18Jan74; MP24911.


MP24912.

Industrial worker in Kenya. UPITN. Produced in association with Films,
Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world series) © Films,
Inc.; 15Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP24912.


MP24913.

Guided by the nene. A Sounds Unlimited production. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Sounds Unlimited a. a. d. o. Sounds Unlimited Recording
Company, Inc.; 8Oct73; MP24913.


MP24914.

The Dribble. Lord and King Associates, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Robert H. O’Donnell. © Lord and King Associates, Inc.;
23Dec73; MP24914.


MP24915.

The Pass. Lord and King Associates, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Robert H. O’Donnell. © Lord and King Associates, Inc.;
23Dec73; MP24915.


MP24916.

Phos: The Light. Teleketics. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Franciscan
Communications Center; 2Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP24916.


MP24917.

A World of concern. Project Concern, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Project Concern, Inc.; 6Feb74; MP24917.


MP24918.

Timing belts. 28 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Tel-a-Train;
29Nov73; MP24918.


MP24919.

V belts. 23 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Tel-a-Train;
29Nov73; MP24919.


MP24920.

Reducers and gearmotors. 25 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) ©
Tel-a-Train; 29Nov73; MP24920.


MP24921.

Motors. Pt. 1. 22 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Tel-a-Train;
29Nov73; MP24921.


MP24922.

Motors. Pt. 2. 23 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Tel-a-Train;
29Nov73; MP24922.


MP24923.

Gearing. 19 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Tel-a-Train;
29Nov73; MP24923.


MP24924.

Couplings. 20 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Tel-a-Train;
29Nov73; MP24924.


MP24925.

Conveyors. 22 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Tel-a-Train;
29Nov73; MP24925.


MP24926.

Roller chain. 22 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Tel-a-Train;
29Nov73; MP24926.


MP24927.

Ball bearings. 25 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Tel-a-Train;
29Nov73; MP24927.


MP24928.

Chain other than roller chain. 20 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch)
© Tel-a-Train; 29Nov73; MP24928.


MP24929.

Business man’s lunch. 12 min., si., b&w, 8 mm. © Diverse Industries,
Inc.; 1Dec73; MP24929.


MP24930.

Hollywood orgy. 12 min., si., b&w, 8 mm. © Diverse Industries, Inc.;
1Dec73; MP24930.


MP24931.

Techniques of arrest, 1. A production of Woroner Films. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Officer training) Prev. reg. 10Jan72, MU8473. © Woroner
Films, Inc.; 27Jan73; MP24931.


MP24932.

The Disturbance calls — general 1. A production of Woroner Films. 25
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Officer training) Prev. reg. 29Oct70, MU8320.
© Woroner Films, Inc.; 27Jan73; MP24932.


MP24933.

Patrol procedures, 1 — violent crimes. A production of Woroner Films. 25
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Officer training) Prev. reg. 21Jun71, MU8356.
© Woroner Films, Inc.; 27Jan73; MP24933.


MP24934.

Square pegs — round holes. FilmFair Communications. 8 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 30Jan74; MP24934.


MP24935.

The Lonesome train. FilmFair Communications. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© FilmFair, Inc.; 31Dec73; MP24935.


MP24936.

Jury and juror: function and responsibility. FilmFair Communications. 26
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 22Jan74; MP24936.


MP24937.

1974 cars: low speed crash costs. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Insurance Institute for Highway Safety; 28Jan74 (in notice: 1975);
MP24957.


MP24958.

Challenge in the air. Portafilms. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Consumers Power Company; 20Dec73; MP24938.


MP24939.

Big dig. A Portafilms production. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Consumers Power Company; 20Dec73; MP24939.


MP24940.

Operating systems concepts. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (OS overview) ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Oct72 (in notice: 1971);
MP24940.


MP24941.

Program design and task management. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (OS
overview) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Oct72 (in notice:
1971); MP24941.


MP24942.

Operating systems features. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (OS 360/370
overview) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Oct72 (in notice:
1971); MP24942.


MP24943.

Data management facilities: OS 360/370 I/O support and processing. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (OS 360/370 overview) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Oct72 (in notice: 1971); MP24943.


MP24944.

Job management. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (OS 360/370 overview) ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Oct72 (in notice: 1971);
MP24944.


MP24945.

Data management facilities: O S 360/370 space allocation and cataloging.
12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (OS 360/370 overview) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Oct72 (in notice: 1971); MP24945.


MP24946.

The I B M 2311 disk storage drive. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (I/O
device operations) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Dec72 (in
notice: 1971); MP24946.


MP24947.

The I B M 1O52 printer keyboard. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (I/O device
operations) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Dec72 (in notice:
1971); MP24947.


MP24948.

The I B M 1403 printer. 14 min., sd., color. 16 mm. (I/O device
operations) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Dec72 (in notice:
1971); MP24948.


MP24949.

The I B M 2501 card reader. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (I/O device
operations) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Dec72 (in notice:
1971); MP24949.


MP24950.

The I B M 2400 magnetic tape units. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (I/O
device operations) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Dec72 (in
notice: 1971); MP24950.


MP24951.

The I B M 2540 card read punch. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (I/O device
operations) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Dec72 (in notice:
1971); MP24951.


MP24952.

Applications. Produced in cooperation with Eastern. 9 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Data communications) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
1Oct72; MP24952.


MP24953.

Basic telecommunications access method. Produced in cooperation with
Eastern. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Data communications) © Edutronics
Systems International, Inc.; 1Mar73; MP24953.


MP24954.

Programming concepts. Produced in cooperation with Eastern. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Data communications) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Mar73; MP24954.


MP24955.

Hardware. Produced in cooperation with Eastern. 11 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Data communications) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
1Mar73; MP24955.


MP24956.

Operational considerations. Produced in cooperation with Eastern. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Data communications) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Mar73; MP24956.


MP24957.

Network design. Produced in cooperation with Eastern. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Data communications) © Edutronics Systems International,
Inc.; 1Mar73; MP24957.


MP24958.

Telecommunications access method. Produced in cooperation with Eastern.
10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Data communications) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Mar73; MP24958.


MP24959.

MFT lecture 6. 16 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system core
dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Jul72 (in notice: 1971); MP24959.


MF24960.

MFT lecture 9. 17 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system core
dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Jul72 (in notice: 1971); MP24960.


MP24961.

MFT lecture 8. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system core
dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Jul72 (in notice: 1971); MP24961.


MP24962.

MFT / M V T lecture 1. 17 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system
core dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Jul72 (in notice: 1971); MP24962.


MP24963.

MFT lecture 5. 21 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system core
dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Jul72 (in notice: 1971); MP24963.


MP24964.

MFT lecture 2. 17 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system core
dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Jul72 (in notice: 1971); MP24964.


MP24965.

MFT lecture 3. 15 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system core
dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Jul72 (in notice: 1971); MP24965.


MP24966.

MFT / MVT lecture 7. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system
core dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Jul72 (in notice: 1971); MP24966.


MP24967.

MFT lecture 4. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system core
dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Jul72 (in notice: 1971); MP24967.


MP24968.

Law: a system of order. McGraw Hill Films. Produced in collaboration
with Telemated Motion Pictures. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Humanities series) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book Company. © McGraw Hill,
Inc.; 28Jun72 (in notice: 1971); MP24968.


MP24969.

Flowering and fruiting of papaya (Carica papaya) Film Production Unit,
Iowa State University. Produced in cooperation with Escuela Agricola
Panamericana & Organization for Tropical Studies. 3 min., si., color, 16
mm. (Tropical botany film series) © Iowa State University a. a. d. o.
Iowa State University of Science and Technology; 18Jan73; MP24969.


MP24970.

Growth and fruiting of banana (Musa sapientum) Film Production Unit,
Iowa State University. Produced in cooperation with Escuela Agricola
Panamericana, Instituto Interamericana de Ciencias Agricolas &
Organization for Tropical Studies. 5 min., si., color, 16 mm. (Tropical
botany film series) © Iowa State University a. a. d. o. Iowa State
University of Science and Technology; 18Jun73; MP24970.


MP24971.

Fruiting of cacao (Theobroma cacao) Film Production Unit, Iowa State
University. Produced in cooperation with Instituto Interamericana de
Ciencias Agricolas & Organization for Tropical Studies. 2 min., si.,
color. 16 mm. (Tropical botany film series) © Iowa State University a.
a. d. o. Iowa State University of Science and Technology; 18Jun73;
MP24971.


MP24972.

Growth and fruiting of African oil palm (Elaeis guineensis) Film
Production Unit, Iowa State University. Produced in cooperation with
United Fruit Company, Instituto Interamericana de Ciencias Agricolas &
Organization for Tropical Studies. 3 min., si., color, 16 mm. (Tropical
botany film series) © Iowa State University a. a. d. o. Iowa State
University of Science and Technology; 18Jun73; MP24972.


MP24973.

Growth and fruiting of pineapple (Ananas comosus) Film Production Unit,
Iowa State University. Produced in cooperation with Escuela Agricola
Panamericana & Organization for Tropical Studies. 3 min., si., color, 16
mm. (Tropical botany film series) © Iowa State University a. a. d. o.
Iowa State University of Science and Technology; 18Jun73; MP24973.


MP24974.

Fruiting of coffee (Coffea arabica) Film Production Unit, Iowa State
University. Produced in cooperation with Instituto Interamericana de
Ciencias Agricolas & Organization for Tropical Studies. 3 min., si.,
color, 16 mm. (Tropical botany film series) © Iowa State University a.
a. d. o. Iowa State University of Science and Technology; 18Jun73;
MP24974.


MP24975.

Carbon dioxide: Preparation. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Appl. au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 7Nov72; MP24975.


MP24976.

Plantations of Louisiana. Michael G. Zaiontz. 10 min., sd., color, 35
mm., Techniscope. Appl. au.: Michael G. Zaiontz. © Michael G. Zaiontz;
6Feb74; MP24976.


MP24977.

Sponge cleaning rev. 2. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William
Esty Company, Inc. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 25Oct73; MP24977.


MP24978.

Sponge cleaning emphasis. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William
Esty Company, Inc. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 15Sep73; MP24978.


MP24979.

Eggs. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William Esty Company, Inc.
© Colgate Palmolive Company; 3Dec73; MP24979.


MP24980.

Rich man / poor man. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William Esty
Company, Inc. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 21Nov73; MP24980.


MP24981.

Laundry mountain. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William Esty
Company, Inc. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 15Oct73; MP24981.


MP24982.

Go Cub Scouting. Boy Scouts of America. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Boy Scouts of America; 5Jun73; MP24982.


MP24983.

Day care today. A Polymorph film. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Polymorph Films, Inc.; 7Feb73; MP24983.


MP24984.

Lives and lifestyles. A Polymorph film. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Polymorph Films, Inc.; 22Oct73; MP24984.


MP24985.

Together sweetly. A Polymorph film. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Polymorph Films, Inc.; 22Oct73; MP24985.


MP24986.

Childbirth. A Polymorph film. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Polymorph a.
a. d. o. Polymorph Films, Inc.; 1Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP24986.


MP24987.

Memory of the park. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Robert F.
Crawford. © Robert F. Crawford (in notice: Bob Crawford); 15Feb72;
MP24987.


MP24988.

Food labeling: Understanding what you eat. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Gilbert Altschul. © Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc.;
5Dec73; MP24988.


MP24989.

Windjam. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Elvira C. McKean &
Dennis Shelby, partners, Icarus Productions. © Icarus Productions;
15Oct73; MP24989.


MP24990.

The New 2050A and 1850 loaders. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © International Harvester Company; 7May73; MP24990.


MP24991.

The New 66 series tractors. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © International Harvester Company; 7May73; MP24991.


MP24992.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 535. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 8Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); MP24992.


MP24993.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 524. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
videotape (1/2 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 11Dec73;
MP24993.


MP24994.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 494. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 4Oct73;
MP24994.


MP24995.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 542. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
videotape (1/2 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 21Jan74;
MP24995.


MP24996.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 543. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
videotape (1/2 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 22Jan74;
MP24996.


MP24997.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 539. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 15Jan74; MP24997.


MP24998.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 442. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 30Apr73; MP24998.


MP24999.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 501. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 5Nov73; MP24999.


MP25000.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 428. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 10Apr73; MP25000.


MP25001.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 444. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 2May73; MP25001.


MP25002.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 537. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 14Jan74 (in notice:
1973); MP25002.


MP25003.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 516. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 7Dec73; MP25003.


MP25004.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 533. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 28Dec73; MP25004.


MP25005.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 528. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 19Dec73; MP25005.


MP25006.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 424. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 5Apr73; MP25006.


MP25007.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 426. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 8Apr73; MP25007.


MP25008.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 530. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 28Dec73; MP25008.


MP25009.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 427. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 9Apr73; MP25009.


MP25010.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 505. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 4Nov73; MP25010.


MP25011.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 457. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 14May73; MP25011.


MP25012.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 425. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (1/2 inch) © Ambassador College; 6Apr73; MP25012.


MP25013.

Controlling absenteeism. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Gellerman
effective supervision film series) © BNA Communications, Inc.; 14Mar74;
MP25013.


MP25014.

Life in a drop of water. A Coronet film. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Prev. pub. 7Jul47, M2571. NM: some film footage & narration. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 11Aug73; MP25014.


MP25015.

Fun with speech sounds. 2nd. ed. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 31May73; MP25015.


MP25016.

Maps show our earth. A Coronet film. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 6Jul73;
MP25016.


MP25017.

Workers depend on each other. A Coronet film. 11 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 28Jun73;
MP25017.


MP25018.

V S A M concepts and access method services usage. IBM Corporation. 70
min., b&w, videotape. (IBM independent study program) © International
Business Machines Corporation, accepted alternative designation: IBM
Corporation; 14Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25018.


MP25019.

A L C coding techniques for virtual storage. IBM Corporation. 28 min.,
b&w, videotape. (IBM independent study program) © International Business
Machines Corporation, accepted alternative designation: IBM Corporation;
14Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25019.


MP25020.

Louie gets his licks. Instructional Material Systems. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © IMS a. a. d. o. Instructional Material Systems; 9Aug73;
MP25020.


MP25021.

Compact truck features and comparison. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 2Jan74 (in notice:
1973); MP25021.


MP25022.

Chrysler Newport versus Buick LeSabre and Olds 88. 18 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 17Jan74
(in notice: 1973); MP25022.


MP25023.

1974 cleaner air system. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.:
Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 18Dec73; MP25023.


MP25024.

Sell from strength. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross
Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 19Dec73; MP25024.


MP25025.

“Two hats,” the 1974 Dodge pickup. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 19Dec73; MP25025.


MP25026.

Satellite Chevelle and Torino comparison. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 3Dec73; MP25026.


MP25027.

Monaco, Impala, Galaxie 500 comparison. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 19Dec73; MP25027.


MP25028.

Monaco and Fury versus Impala and Galaxie. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 19Dec73; MP25028.


MP25029.

Dart / Nova / Maverick comparison. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 3Dec73; MP25029.


MP25030.

1974 Chrysler and Plymouth station wagons. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 19Dec73; MP25030.


MP25031.

1974 Dodge station wagons. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.:
Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 19Dec73; MP25031.


MP25032.

Satellite and Charger / Coronet versus Chevelle and Torino. 18 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler
Corporation; 12Dec73; MP25032.


MP25033.

Charger / Coronet / Chevelle and Torino comparison. 18 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 3Dec73;
MP25033.


MP25034.

Fury / Impala / Galaxie 500 comparison. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 3Dec73; MP25034.


MP25035.

Dart and Duster comparison with Nova and Maverick. 18 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 26Dec73;
MP25035.


MP25036.

Duster / Valiant / Nova / Maverick comparison. 18 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 3Dec73;
MP25036.


MP25037.

VD attack plan. Walt Disney Productions. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Walt Disney Productions; 27Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP25037.


MP25038.

I’m no fool with electricity. Walt Disney Productions. 8 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Walt Disney Productions; 26Oct73; MP25038.


MP25039.

Geothermal power. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Howard J.
Lindenmeyer. © Howlin Cinema Productions; 1Feb74; MP25039.


MP25040.

Kiel Olympiad. Offshore Productions. Produced in cooperation with the
United States International Sailing Association, Yacht Racing Magazine &
Yachting Magazine. 56 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Dick Enersen &
Laszlo Pal. © Enersen/Pal Enterprises; 22Feb73; MP25040.


MP25041.

April showers. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William Esty
Company, Inc. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 7Oct73; MP25041.


MP25042.

Deep water rescue breathing. A Pierce production. 10 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au.: Albert L. Pierce. © Albert L. Pierce; 19Sep73;
MP25042.


MP25043.

Teacher self appraisal observation system: a technique for improving
instruction. Educational Innovators Press. 17 min., sd., b&w, videotape
(1/2 inch) (Teacher self appraisal, packet V1) Add. ti.: Observation
system—improving instruction. © Educational Innovators Press, a division
of Multimedia Associates, Inc.; 15May73; MP25043.


MP25044.

Coding classroom introduction situations utilizing the teacher self
appraisal observation system. Educational Innovators Press. 22 min.,
sd., b&w, videotape (1/2 inch) (Teacher self appraisal, packet V2) ©
Educational Innovators Press, a division of Multimedia Associates, Inc.;
15May73; MP25044.


MP25045.

Coding classroom discussion situations utilizing the teacher self
appraisal observation system. Educational Innovators Press. 20 min.,
sd., b&w, videotape (1/2 inch) (Teacher self appraisal, packet V3) ©
Educational Innovators Press, a division of Multimedia Associates, Inc.;
15May73; MP25045.


MP25046.

Coding classroom review situations utilizing the teacher self appraisal
observation system. Educational Innovators Press. 18 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 inch) (Teacher self appraisal, packet V4) © Educational
Innovators Press, a division of Multimedia Associates, Inc.; 15May73;
MP25046.


MP25047.

Coding classroom activities situations utilizing the teacher self
appraisal observation system. Educational Innovators Press. 20 min.,
sd., b&w, videotape (1/2 inch) (Teacher self appraisal, packet V5) ©
Educational Innovators Press, a division of Multimedia Associates, Inc.;
15May73; MP25047.


MP25048.

Establishing observer reliability with the teacher self appraisal
observation system. Educational Innovators Press. 28 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 inch) (Teacher self appraisal, packet V6) © Educational
Innovators Press, a division of Multimedia Associates, Inc.; 15May73;
MP25048.


MP25049.

Now your injector. GSRX3053. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: J.
Walter Thompson Company. © Gillette a. a. d. o. the Gillette Company;
18Oct73; MP25049.


MP25050.

Best shave ahead. GSRX3013. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: J.
Walter Thompson Company. © Gillette a. a. d. o. the Gillette Company;
18Oct73; MP25050.


MP25051.

The Fundamental theorem. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Calculus in
motion) Appl. au.: Bruce Cornwell & Katherine Cornwell, with editorial
assistance by Duane W. Bailey. © Houghton Mifflin Company; 4May73;
MP25051.


MP25052.

Derivatives. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Calculus in motion) Appl.
au.: Bruce Cornwell & Katherine Cornwell, with editorial assistance by
Duane W. Bailey. © Houghton Mifflin Company; 27Jun73; MP25052.


MP25053.

Taylor polynomials. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Calculus in motion)
Appl. au.: Bruce Cornwell & Katherine Cornwell, with editorial
assistance by Duane W. Bailey. © Houghton Mifflin Company; 31Jul73;
MP25053.


MP25054.

Concavity and points of inflection. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
(Calculus in motion) Appl. au.: Bruce Cornwell & Katherine Cornwell,
with editorial assistance by Duane W. Bailey. © Houghton Mifflin
Company; 31Jul73; MP25054.


MP25055.

Rolle’s theorem and the mean value theorem. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. (Calculus in motion) Appl. au.: Bruce Cornwell & Katherine Cornwell,
with editorial assistance by Duane W. Bailey. © Houghton Mifflin
Company; 6Jul73; MP25055.


MP25056.

Limits. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Calculus in motion) Appl. au.:
Bruce Cornwell & Katherine Cornwell, with editorial assistance by Duane
W. Bailey. © Houghton Mifflin Company; 27Jun73; MP25056.


MP25057.

The Definite integral. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Calculus in
motion) Appl. au.: Bruce Cornwell & Katherine Cornwell, with editorial
assistance by Duane W. Bailey. © Houghton Mifflin Company; 4May73;
MP25057.


MP25058.

The Wordworks 1. Houghton Mifflin Company. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Houghton Mifflin Company; 31Dec73; MP25058.


MP25059.

The Wordworks 2. Houghton Mifflin Company. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Houghton Mifflin Company; 31Dec73; MP25059.


MP25060.

The Wordworks 3. Houghton Mifflin Company. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Houghton Mifflin Company; 31Dec73; MP25060.


MP25061.

The Wordworks 4. Houghton Mifflin Company. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Houghton Mifflin Company; 31Dec73; MP25061.


MP25062.

Choice not chance — career development in New Jersey. A film by
Videgraphe. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Robert J. Phillips. ©
Videgraphe Corporation; 12Dec73; MP25062.


MP25063.

Bicycle safely. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Fiesta Films; 28Feb74;
MP25063.


MP25064.

Poetry for fun — dares and dreams. A Centron production. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Centron Corporation, Inc.; 13Mar74; MP25064.


MP25065.

Gettysburg — 1863. A Whitefield production. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Centron Corporation, Inc.; 13Mar74; MP25065.


MP25066.

Laudate. 6 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Based on Igor Stravinsky’s Symphony of
psalms. Appl. au.: Nicholas Frangakis. © Nicholas Frangakis; 1Mar74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25066.


MP25067.

Repairs to air conditioning condensers. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Motors Insurance Corporation; 28Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25067.


MP25068.

It’s your move, sergeant. Woroner Films. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Decisions) © Woroner Films, Inc.; 10Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25068.


MP25069.

The Language of medicine. Introd. 12 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. Appl. au.: Wallace J. Vnuk. © Walfran Research and
Educational Fund; 14Dec73; MP25069.


MP25070.

The Language of medicine. Lesson no. 1. 10 min., sd., color, videotape
(3/4 inch) in cassette. Appl. au.: Wallace J. Vnuk. © Walfran Research
and Educational Fund; 14Dec73; MP25070.


MP25071.

The Language of medicine. Lesson no. 2. 7 min., sd., color, videotape
(3/4 inch) in cassette. Appl. au.: Wallace J. Vnuk. © Walfran Research
and Educational Fund; 14Dec73; MP25071.


MP25072.

The Language of medicine. Lesson no. 3. 15 min., sd., color, videotape
(3/4 inch) in cassette. Appl. au.: Wallace J. Vnuk. © Walfran Research
and Educational Fund; 14Dec73; MP25072.


MP25073.

The Language of medicine. Lesson no. 4. 14 min., sd., color, videotape
(3/4 inch) in cassette. Appl. au.: Wallace J. Vnuk. © Walfran Research
and Educational Fund; 14Dec73; MP25073.


MP25074.

The Language of medicine. Lesson no. 5. 10 min., sd., color, videotape
(3/4 inch) in cassette. Appl. au.: Wallace J. Vnuk. © Walfran Research
and Educational Fund; 14Dec73; MP25074.


MP25075.

The Language of medicine. Lesson no. 6. 17 min., sd., color, videotape
(3/4 inch) in cassette. Appl. au.: Wallace J. Vnuk. © Walfran Research
and Educational Fund; 14Dec73; MP25075.


MP25076.

Feelings. United Methodist Communications. 29 min., videotape (3/4 inch)
in cassette. (Learning to live) © Trafco, Inc.; 15Jan74 (in notice:
1973); MP25076.


MP25077.

Ego states. United Methodist Communications. 29 min., videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. (Learning to live) © Trafco, Inc.; 15Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25077.


MP25078.

Games. United Methodist Communications. 29 min., videotape (3/4 inch) in
cassette. (Learning to live) © Trafco, Inc.; 15Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25078.


MP25079.

Time structures. United Methodist Communications. 29 min., videotape
(3/4 inch) in cassette. (Learning to live) © Trafco, Inc.; 15Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25079.


MP25080.

Scripts “B.” United Methodist Communications. 29 min., videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. (Learning to live) © Trafco, Inc.; 15Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25080.


MP25081.

Scripts “A.” United Methodist Communications. 29 min., videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. (Learning to live) © Trafco, Inc.; 15Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25081.


MP25082.

Strokes. United Methodist Communications. 29 min., videotape (3/4 inch)
in cassette. (Learning to live) © Trafco, Inc.; 15Jan74 (in notice:
1973); MP25082.


MP25083.

Transactions. United Methodist Communications. 29 min., videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. (Learning to live) © Trafco, Inc.; 15Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25083.


MP25084.

A Conversation with President Tito. A production of CBS News. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS News special report) © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP25084.


MP25085.

Search for the Goddess of Love. CBS News. Produced in association with
the Smithsonian Institution. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Smithsonian
adventure) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 13Jun71; MP25085.


MP25086.

The Court and a free press. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (CBS News special report) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
1Jul71; MP25086.


MP25087.

Louis Armstrong: 1900–1971. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (CBS News special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
9Jul71; MP25087.


MP25088.

The Year 1200. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (CBS
News special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 9Aug71 (in notice:
1970); MP25088.


MP25089.

The Chappaquiddick report. A production of CBS News. 30 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (CBS News special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 29Apr70;
MP25089.


MP25090.

Where we stand in Cambodia. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (CBS News special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 3May70;
MP25090.


MP25091.

The Catholic dilemma. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (CBS News special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 5Oct70;
MP25091.


MP25092.

The Court martial of William Calley. A production of CBS News. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News special report) © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 29Mar71; MP25092.


MP25093.

The Economy: a new way to go. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News special report) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 15Aug71; MP25093.


MP25094.

Reston on China: a conversation with Eric Sevareid. A production of CBS
News. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News special report) © Columbia
Broadcasting System., Inc.; 30Aug71; MP25094.


MP25095.

The World of Charlie Company. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News special report) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 13Jul70; MP25095.


MP25096.

Voices from the Russian underground. A production of CBS News. 60 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News special report) © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 27Jul70; MP25096.


MP25097.

Blue Christmas? An inquiry into the state of the economy. A production
of CBS News. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News special report) ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP25097.


MP25098.

Is mercury a menace? A production of CBS News. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(CBS News special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 11Jan71;
MP25098.


MP25099.

Southern exposures. A production of CBS News. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(CBS News special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 3May71;
MP25099.


MP25100.

On the road with Charles Kuralt. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
6Sep71; MP25100.


MP25101.

Sixty minutes. Vol. 3, no. 12. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 2Mar71; MP25101.


MP25102.

Sixty minutes. Vol. 4, no. 8. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 25Nov71; MP25102.


MP25103.

Sixty minutes. Vol. 4, no. 9. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 28Nov71; MP25103.


MP25104.

Kids! 53 things to know about health, sex and growing up. A production
of CBS News. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News special) © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 26Jan71; MP25104.


MP25105.

New voices in the South. A production of CBS News. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (CBS News special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 8Mar71;
MP25105.


MP25106.

Reischauer on Asia. A production of CBS News. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(CBS News special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 6Jul71;
MP25106.


MP25107.

The Correspondents report. Pt. 2: America and the world. A production of
CBS News. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News special) © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 30Dec71; MP25107.


MP25108.

Pandora’s box. Perspective Films. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Perspective Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 22Jan74; MP25108.


MP25109.

Kyoto: exploring with Larry. A Coronet film. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 14Jan74;
MP25109.


MP25110.

Hong Kong: wandering with Rick. A Coronet film. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 15Jan74;
MP25110.


MP25111.

Ball game. A film by Evelyn Marienberg. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Evelyn Marienberg; 15Mar74; MP25111.


MP25112.

To a babysitter. An Alfred Higgins production. 2nd ed. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 14Mar74; MP25112.


MP25113.

Elementary natural science — songbirds. Centron Educational Films.
Produced in collaboration with Centron Corporation. 13 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Centron Corporation, Inc.; 15Mar74; MP25113.


MP25114.

Tornado. 6 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Donald D. Patterson.
Prev. reg. 17Dec73, MU8857. © Donald D. Patterson; 20Dec73; MP25114.


MP25115.

Feeding. Sutherland Learning Associates. 10 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. (Rocom Parentaid film system, parent counseling child care) Prev.
pub. 29Oct70. NM: editorial revision. © Hoffmann LaRoche, Inc.; 29Jun73;
MP25115.


MP25116.

Growth and development, toilet training. Sutherland Learning Associates.
9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Rocom Parentaid film system, parent
counseling child care) Prev. pub. 29Oct70. NM: editorial revision. ©
Hoffmann LaRoche, Inc.; 29Jun73; MP25116.


MP25117.

Troubles in the digestive tract. Sutherland Learning Associates. 10
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Rocom Parentaid film system, parent
counseling child care) Prev. pub. 29Oct70. NM: editorial revision. ©
Hoffmann LaRoche, Inc.; 29Jun73; MP25117.


MP25118.

Respiratory problems. Sutherland Learning Associates. 9 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Rocom Parentaid film system, parent counseling child
care) Prev. pub. 29Oct70. NM: editorial revision. © Hoffmann LaRoche,
Inc.; 29Jun73; MP25118.


MP25119.

Medication and treatment, your child’s eyes. Sutherland Learning
Associates. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Rocom Parentaid film
system, parent counseling child care) Prev. pub. 29Oct70. NM: editorial
revision. © Hoffmann LaRoche, Inc.; 29Jun73; MP25119.


MP25120.

Temperature. Sutherland Learning Associates. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. (Rocom Parentaid film system, parent counseling child care) Prev.
pub. 29Oct70. NM: editorial revision. © Hoffmann LaRoche, Inc.; 29Jun73;
MP25120.


MP25121.

Allergy. Sutherland Learning Associates. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Rocom Parentaid film system, parent counseling child care) Prev. pub.
29Oct70. NM: editorial revision. © Hoffmann LaRoche, Inc.; 29Jun73;
MP25121.


MP25122.

Accident prevention. Sutherland Learning Associates. 10 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Rocom Parentaid film system, parent counseling child
care) Prev. pub. 29Oct70, MP22907. NM: editorial revision. © Hoffmann
LaRoche, Inc.; 29Jun73; MP25122.


MP25123.

The Fussy baby. Sutherland Learning Associates. 8 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. (Rocom Parentaid film system, parent counseling child care)
Prev. pub. 29Oct70. NM: editorial revision. © Hoffmann LaRoche, Inc.;
29Jun73; MP25123.


MP25124.

Immunizations. Sutherland Learning Associates. 6 min., sd., color, Super
8 mm. (Rocom Parentaid film system, parent counseling child care) Prev.
pub. 29Oct70. NM: editorial revision. © Hoffmann LaRoche, Inc.; 29Jun73;
MP25124.


MP25125.

Bobby Riggs. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.; 12Sep73;
MP25125.


MP25126.

Interviewing interactions. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Effective
interviewing techniques) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
1Jun73; MP25126.


MP25127.

Introduction to C I C S. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. Produced
in cooperation with On-Line Software, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(CICS applications programming) © Edutronics Systems International,
Inc.; 29Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25127.


MP25128.

The Applications program interface. Edutronics Systems International,
Inc. Produced in cooperation with On-Line Software, Inc. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (CICS applications programming) Add. ti.: The Application
program interface. © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 29Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25128.


MP25129.

Management of major resources. Edutronics Systems International, Inc.
Produced in cooperation with On-Line Software, Inc. 21 min., sd., color,
16 min. (CICS applications programming) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 29Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25129.


MP25130.

Management of supplemental resources. Edutronics Systems International,
Inc. Produced in cooperation with On-Line Software, Inc. 23 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (CICS applications programming) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 29Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25130.


MP25131.

The System flow. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. Produced in
cooperation with On-Line Software, Inc. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(CICS applications programming) © Edutronics Systems International,
Inc.; 29Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25131.


MP25132.

O S / V S J C L differences. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 14
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Virtual storage concepts) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 21Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25132.


MP25133.

The Principles of virtual storage. Edutronics Systems International,
Inc. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Virtual storage concepts) © Edutronics
Systems International, Inc.; 29Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25133.


MP25134.

A Matter of indifference. 50 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Jack M.
Hanick & Leonardo Dacchille. © Jack M. Hanick & Leonardo Dacchille;
2Feb74; MP25134.


MP25135.

Managing in a crisis. BNA Communications, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Gellerman effective supervision series) © BNA Communications,
Inc.; 25Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25135.


MP25136.

Managing the disturbed employee. BNA Communications, Inc. 29 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Gellerman effective supervision series) © BNA
Communications, Inc.; 25Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25136.


MP25137.

The Voter decides. Ginn and Company. Made by Centron Corporation. 16
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Ginn instructional film series on political
roles) © Ginn and Company; 4Apr73; MP25137.


MP25138.

The Political animal. Ginn and Company. Made by Centron Corporation. 15
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Ginn instructional film series on political
roles) © Ginn and Company; 1Aug73; MP25138.


MP25139.

The Role of the interest group leader. Ginn and Company. Made by Centron
Corporation. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Ginn instructional film series
on political roles) © Ginn and Company; 4Apr73; MP25139.


MP25140.

1974 full size car body highlights. Chrysler Corporation. 12 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation;
22Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25140.


MP25141.

Dodge Colt comparison. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross
Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 23Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25141.


MP25142.

Basic door and body adjustments. Chrysler Corporation. 12 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation;
18Mar74 (in notice: 1973); MP25142.


MP25143.

Sell your product, sell yourself. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl.
au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 17Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25143.


MP25144.

Handling walk ins. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy,
Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 5Mar74; MP25144.


MP25145.

Someone with authority. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross
Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 17Apr74; MP25145.


MP25146.

Power steering problems and diagnosis. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 15Apr74; MP25146.


MP25147.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 546. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 24Jan74;
MP25147.


MP25148.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 554. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 5Feb74;
MP25148.


MP25149.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 551. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 6Feb74;
MP25149.


MP25150.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 556. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 8Feb74;
MP25150.


MP25151.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 555. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 12Feb74;
MP25151.


MP25152.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 564. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 13Feb74;
MP25152.


MP25153.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 565. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 14Feb74;
MP25153.


MP25154.

Rembrandt. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.; 31Oct73; MP25154.


MP25155.

Limestone: Iowa’s buried treasure. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Iowa
State University a. a. d. o. Iowa State University of Science and
Technology; 22Feb74; MP25155.


MP25156.

Point of proof 800 series cornhead. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. ©
International Harvester Company; 12Feb74; MP25156.


MP25157.

Point of proof low profile combine. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. ©
International Harvester Company; 22Jan74; MP25157.


MP25158.

Point of proof 345 spring tooth harrow. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
© International Harvester Company; 22Jan74; MP25158.


MP25159.

Point of proof rotary cultivators. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. ©
International Harvester Company; 22Jan74; MP25159.


MP25160.

Mitedos para operar el tractor hydrostatic. 10 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. © International Harvester Company; 22Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25160.


MP25161.

Know your combine-corn. 14 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Add. ti.: Know
your combine-grain. © International Harvester Company; 10Dec73; MP25161.


MP25162.

Overview. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 21 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (VS/DOS) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 11Feb74; MP25162.


MP25163.

Working set and locality. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 17
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Virtual storage concepts) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 28Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25163.


MP25164.

An Approach to growth: awareness training. Griff Ruggles. 26 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Griff Ruggles; 1Nov73; MP25164.


MP25165.

Outdoor play: a motivating force for learning. A Steve Campus
production. Produced in cooperation with Queens College of the City
University of New York, Board of Higher Education. 17 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Steve Campus Productions, Inc.; 29Nov73; MP25165.


MP25166.

Hockey: the power play. A Dick Borden production. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. © The Coca-Cola Company; 1Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25166.


MP25167.

1974 cars: low speed crash costs (foreign models) 20 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Insurance Institute for Highway Safety; 28Mar74; MP25167.


MP25168.

Parent counseling child care system. A John Sutherland production. 83
min., sd., color, 70 mm. (Rocom Parentaid film system) © Hoffmann
LaRoche, Inc.; 29Oct70; MP25168.


MP25169.

Rolling tissue. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.; 17Apr73;
MP25169.


MP25170.

Teaching sign language to the Chimpanzee Washoe. 48 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (Project Washoe) Appl. au.: R. A. Gardner & B. T. Gardner. © R. A.
Gardner & B. T. Gardner; 4Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25170.


MP25171.

Concrete finishing. A Marshall Maintenance production. Produced in
cooperation with J. W. Ferrell Company, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Marshall Maintenance; 6Mar74; MP25171.


MP25172.

Energy conversion. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl.
au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. ©
Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 7Nov73; MP25172.


MP25173.

Inertia. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au.:
Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. ©
Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 7Nov73; MP25173.


MP23174.

Matter: spaces between molecules. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Appl. au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 7Nov73; MP25174.


MP25175.

How to make an animal puppet. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney
Productions; 20Sep73; MP25175.


MP25176.

Radioactivity. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Prev. reg.
NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions; 20Sep73; MP25176.


MP25177.

Radioactive fission. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Prev.
reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney Productions; 20Sep73;
MP25177.


MP25178.

Where today’s cats came from. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney
Productions; 20Sep73; MP25178.


MP25179.

Atomic structure of matter. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Prev. reg. NM: compilation & editing. © Walt Disney
Productions; 20Sep73; MP25179.


MP25180.

Lawn groom. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Martin Latter. ©
Pamar, Inc.; 22Apr74; MP25180.


MP25181.

The Frozen war, America intervenes in Russia, 1918–1920. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William F. Malloch, R. C. Raack & Patrick
Griffin. Prev. reg. 20Aug73, MU8721. NM: revision & additions. © Patrick
Griffin, R. C. Raack & William F. Malloch operating as a partnership
under the fictitious business names Cadre & Cadre Films; 1Dec73;
MP25181.


MP25182.

M F T / M V T lecture 1. 17 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating
system core dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics
Systems International, Inc.; 1Aug72 (in notice: 1971); MP25182.


MP25183.

M V T lecture 2. 17 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system core
dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Aug72 (in notice: 1971); MP25183.


MP25184.

M V T lecture 3. 15 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system core
dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Aug72 (in notice: 1971); MP25184.


MP25185.

M V T lecture 4. 13 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system core
dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Aug72 (in notice: 1971); MP25185.


MP25186.

M V T lecture 5. 19 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system core
dump) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Aug72 (in notice: 1971); MP25186.


MP25187.

M V T lecture 6. 16 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system core
dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Aug72 (in notice: 1971); MP25187.


MP25188.

M F T / M V T lecture 7. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating
system core dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics
Systems International, Inc.; 1Aug72 (in notice: 1971); MP25188.


MP25189.

M V T lecture 8. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system core
dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Aug72 (in notice: 1971); MP25189.


MP25190.

M V T lecture 9. 17 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system core
dumps) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Aug72 (in notice: 1971); MP25190.


MP25191.

Lecture 1. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system,
operations operator training) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Jun72 (in notice: 1971);
MP25191.


MP25192.

Lecture 2. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system,
operations operator training) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Jun72 (in notice: 1971);
MP25192.


MP25193.

Lecture 3. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system,
operations operator training) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Jun72 (in notice: 1971);
MP25193.


MP25194.

Lecture 4. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system,
operations operator training) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Jun72 (in notice: 1971);
MP25194.


MP25195.

Lecture 5. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system,
operations operator training) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Jun72 (in notice: 1971);
MP25195.


MP25196.

Lecture 6. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system,
operations operator training) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Jun72 (in notice: 1971);
MP25196.


MP25197.

Lecture 8. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system,
operations operator training) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Jun72 (in notice: 1971);
MP25197.


MP25198.

Lecture 9. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system,
operations operator training) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Jun72 (in notice: 1971);
MP25198.


MP25199.

Lecture 10. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system,
operations operator training) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Jun72 (in notice: 1971);
MP25199.


MP25200.

Lecture 11. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system,
operations operator training) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Jun72 (in notice: 1971);
MP25200.


MP25201.

Lecture 12. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (S/360 operating system,
operations operator training) Appl. au.: Consultants Associated, Inc. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Jun72 (in notice: 1971);
MP25201.


MP25202.

The Falcon, prince of birds. Broyles, Allebaugh and Davis, Inc. 26 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Broyles, Allebaugh and Davis, Inc.; 10Dec73;
MP25202.


MP25203.

Boy of Quebec. A Coronet film. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 28Jun73; MP25203.


MP25204.

Japan: the land and the people. A Coronet film. 2nd ed. 16 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 3Oct73; MP25204.


MP25205.

Climates and seasons. A Coronet film. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 4Oct73;
MP25205.


MP25206.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 549. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 6Feb74
(in notice: 1973); MP25206.


MP25207.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 503. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 5Nov73;
MP25207.


MP25208.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 548. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 28Jan74;
MP25208.


MP25209.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 541. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 21Jan74;
MP25209.


MP25210.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 544. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 22Jan74;
MP25210.


MP25211.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 553. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 12Feb74;
MP25211.


MP25212.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 547. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 28Jan74;
MP25212.


MP25213.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 567. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 22Feb74;
MP25213.


MP25214.

The World of darkness. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. 11Jan73;
MP23932. NM: abridgment. © National Geographic Society; 8Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25214.


MP25215.

Spain: a journey with Washington Irving. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Prev. pub. 15Jun66, MP17683. NM: abridgment. © National Geographic
Society; 20Jul73; MP25215.


MP25216.

Reptiles. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. 25Nov68, MP18961. NM:
abridgment. © National Geographic Society; 20Aug73; MP25216.


MP25217.

Australia: down under and outback. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev.
pub. 7Feb69, MP19013. NM: abridgment. © National Geographic Society;
12Sep73; MP25217.


MP25218.

The National parks: America’s legacy. 24 min., sd., color. 16 mm. Prev.
pub. 11Oct68, MP18649. NM: abridgment. © National Geographic Society;
12Sep73; MP25218.


MP25219.

Polynesia. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. 25Apr69; MP19210. NM:
abridgment. © National Geographic Society; 5Nov73; MP25219.


MP25220.

Earth: the restless planet. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub.
8Feb73; MP23931. NM: abridgment. © National Geographic Society; 16Nov73;
MP25220.


MP25221.

Gravity. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. © Doubleday and
Company, Inc.; 19Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25221.


MP25222.

Chemical change. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. © Doubleday and
Company, Inc.; 19Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25222.


MP25223.

Matter: weight — mass. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.:
Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. ©
Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 19Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25223.


MP25224.

Gyroscope. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. © Doubleday and
Company, Inc.; 19Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25224.


MP25225.

Rotary motion. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. © Doubleday and
Company, Inc.; 19Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25225.


MP25226.

From the source. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Southern California Rock
Products and Ready Mixed Concrete Associations; 1Jun73; MP25226.


MP25227.

For the rest of your life. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Motion
Picture Unit, University of Iowa. © National Society for the Prevention
of Blindness, Inc.; 1Mar74 (in notice: 1973); MP25227.


MP25228.

Group 7A elements: Physical properties. Pt. 1. A Kalmia film. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. (Physical and chemical properties of the
elements) Appl. au.: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Company;
27Oct72; MP25228.


MP25229.

Group 7A elements: Chemical properties. A Kalmia film. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Physical and chemical properties of the elements)
Appl. au.: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Company; 27Oct72;
MP25229.


MP25230.

Group 7B elements: Manganese. A Kalmia film. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. (Physical and chemical properties of the elements) Appl. au.: John
T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Company; 27Oct72; MP25230.


MP25231.

Group 7A elements: Physical properties. Pt. 2. A Kalmia film. 3 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. (Physical and chemical properties of the
elements) Appl. au.: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Company;
27Oct72; MP25231.


MP25232.

Chemical hazards. A Kalmia film. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Safety
in the laboratory) Appl. au.: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia
Company; 27Oct72; MP25232.


MP25233.

Personal safety. A Kalmia film. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Safety
in the laboratory) Appl. au.: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia
Company; 27Oct72; MP25233.


MP25234.

Fire in the laboratory. A Kalmia film. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
(Safety in the laboratory) Appl. au.: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. ©
Kalmia Company; 27Oct72; MP25234.


MP25235.

Source data controls. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (EDP systems controls) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 16Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25235.


MP25236.

Validity checking controls. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (EDP systems controls) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 16Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25236.


MP25257.

Master file controls. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 6 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (EDP systems controls) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 16Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25237.


MP25258.

Processing controls. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 18 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (EDP systems controls) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 21Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25238.


MP25239.

Organization controls in E D P systems. Edutronics Systems
International, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (EDP systems controls) ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 29Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25239.


MP25240.

System 370 I/O device overview. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 9
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (370 I/O device operations) © Edutronics
Systems International, Inc.: 14Nov73; MP25240.


MP25241.

The 3270 information display system. Edutronics Systems International,
Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (370 I/O device operations) ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 14Nov73; MP25241.


MP25242.

The 3420 magnetic tape unit. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 12
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (370 I/O device operations) © Edutronics
Systems International, Inc.; 14Nov73; MP25242.


MP25243.

The 3410 magnetic tape unit. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (370 I/O device operations) © Edutronics
Systems International, Inc.: 14Nov73: MP25243.


MP25244.

The 3505 card reader. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 11 min.
sd., color. 16 mm. (370 I/O device operations) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 14Nov73; MP25244.


MP25245.

The 3211 printer. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 16 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (370 I/O device operations) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 14Nov73; MP25245.


MP25246.

The 3330 disk storage drive. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 7
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (370 I/O device operations) © Edutronics
Systems International, Inc.; 14Nov73; MP25246.


MP25247.

The 3525 card punch. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (370 I/O device operations) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 14Nov73; MP25247.


MP25248.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 561. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College: 28Mar74 (in notice:
1973); MP25248.


MP25249.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 529. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College: 10Jan74 (in notice:
1973); MP25249.


MP25250.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 532. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 15Jan74 (in notice:
1973); MP25250.


MP25251.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 552. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 19Feb74; MP25251.


MP25252.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 570. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 12Mar74; MP25252.


MP25253.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 558. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 2Mar74; MP25253.


MP25254.

The Face. Pt. 1. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Physical diagnosis) © CIBA
Pharmaceutical Products, Inc.; 1Oct61 (in notice: 1960); MP25254.


MP25255.

The Face. Pt. 2. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Physical diagnosis) © CIBA
Pharmaceutical Company, division of CIBA Corporation; 1Jun66 (in notice:
1964); MP25255.


MP25256.

The Neck. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Physical diagnosis) © CIBA
Pharmaceutical Company, division of CIBA Corporation; 1Oct62; MP25256.


MP25257.

Cranial nerves. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Physical diagnosis) © CIBA
Pharmaceutical Company, division of CIBA Corporation; 1Feb64 (in notice:
1962); MP25257.


MP25258.

Occlusive arterial disease. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Physical
diagnosis) © CIBA Pharmaceutical Company, division of CIBA Corporation;
1Jun66 (in notice: 1965); MP25258.


MP25259.

Proprioceptive and sensory systems, normal and abnormal signs, 1 reel,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Physical diagnosis) © CIBA Pharmaceutical Company,
division of CIBA Corporation; 1Feb64 (in notice: 1962); MP25259.


MP25260.

The Larynx. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Physical diagnosis) © CIBA
Pharmaceutical Products, Inc.; 1Jun60; MP25260.


MP25261.

Gait and musculoskeletal disorders. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Physical
diagnosis) © CIBA Pharmaceutical Products, Inc.; 1Jun60; MP25261.


MP25262.

Communicable diseases. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Physical diagnosis) ©
CIBA Pharmaceutical Products, Inc.; 1Jun60; MP25262.


MP25263.

The Ear and hearing. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Physical diagnosis) ©
CIBA Pharmaceutical Products, Inc.; 1Jun60; MP25263.


MP25264.

Introduction to speech problems. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Physical
diagnosis) © CIBA Pharmaceutical Products, Inc.; 1Oct59 (in notice:
1960); MP25264.


MP25265.

The Abdomen in adults. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Physical diagnosis) ©
CIBA Pharmaceutical Company, division of CIBA Corporation; 1Jun66 (in
notice: 1965); MP25265.


MP25266.

Abdomen in infants and children. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Physical
diagnosis) © CIBA Pharmaceutical Company, division of CIBA Corporation;
1Mar64; MP25266.


MP25267.

The Motor system and reflexes, normal and abnormal signs. 1 reel, sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Physical diagnosis) © CIBA Pharmaceutical Company,
division of CIBA Corporation; 1Dec63 (in notice: 1962); MP25267.


MP25268.

Disorders of motility. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Physical diagnosis) ©
CIBA Pharmaceutical Products, Inc.; 1Oct59 (in notice: 1960); MP25268.


MP25269.

The Semi vowel rule. Film no. 2. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Reading
skills series, no. 3) Appl. au.: Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. © Goldberg
Werrenrath Productions; 1Apr74 (in notice: 1973); MP25269.


MP25270.

The Double vowel rule. Film no. 1. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Reading
skills series, no. 3) Appl. au.: Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. © Goldberg
Werrenrath Productions; 1Apr74 (in notice: 1973); MP25270.


MP25271.

Silver sulfadiazine: a pharmacological profile of a new topical
antimicrobial agent. Scientificom, division of LaRue Communications,
Inc. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Scientificom, division of
Mervin W. LaRue Films, Inc. © Marion Laboratories, Inc., Pharmaceutical
Division; 7Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25271.


MP25272.

Time of the Saviour. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: James Norman
Kasper. © Pace Films Productions; 9Nov73; MP25272.


MP25273.

The Green corner. An ETA production. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: Emmet E. Willard. © Eric T. Amies d. b. a. ETA Productions;
15Mar74; MP25273.


MP25274.

Brakes and clutches. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) ©
Tel-A-Train, Inc.; 16Jan74; MP25274.


MP25275.

Degradation in plastic materials: cause, effect, cure. 46 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (Plastics) © General Motors
Institute; 14Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25275.


MP25276.

Flammability and flame retardants in plastic. 36 min., sd., color,
videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (Plastics) © General Motors Institute;
14Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25276.


MP25277.

Greene Valley grandparents. Center for Southern Folklore. 10 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Judy Peiser & Bill Ferris. © Judy Peiser & Bill
Ferris; 17Jun73; MP25277.


MP25278.

Our way of life. Effective Communication Arts, Inc. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © American Heart Association; 1Mar74; MP25278.


MP25279.

Three plus you. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The American National Red
Cross & The American Association of Blood Banks; 1Feb74; MP25279.


MP25280.

Alcoholism: industry’s costly hangover. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Aetna Life and Casualty; 4Mar74; MP25280.


MP25281.

Say it with Celia. Instructional Television Center, the School Board of
Broward County, Florida. 740 min., sd., videotape (2 inch) ©
Instructional Television Center, the School Board of Broward County,
Florida; 1Dec70; MP25281.


MP25282.

Potpourri. Instructional Television Center, the School Board of Broward
County, Florida. 740 min., sd., videotape (2 inch) © Instructional
Television Center, the School Board of Broward County, Florida; 1Dec70;
MP25282.


MP25283.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 531. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 14Jan74
(in notice: 1973); MP25283.


MP25284.

Huckleberry Finn. An Arthur P. Jacobs production. 118 min., sd., color,
35 mm., Panavision. Based on The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, by Mark
Twain, pseud. © United Artists Corporation; 13Mar74; MP25284.


MP25285.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 573. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. © Worldwide Church of God; 2Apr74; MP25285.


MP25286.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 575. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. © Worldwide Church of God; 4Apr74; MP25286.


MP25287.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 577. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. © Worldwide Church of God; 27Mar74; MP25287.


MP25288.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 580. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. © Worldwide Church of God; 27Mar74; MP25288.


MP25289.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 581. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. © Worldwide Church of God; 27Mar74; MP25289.


MP25290.

Chlorine and the firefighter. The Chlorine Institute, Inc. Produced in
cooperation with the National Fire Protection Association. 29 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © The Chlorine Institute, Inc.; 22Mar74; MP25290.


MP25291.

The Managerial grid in action. BNA Communications, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Managerial grid) Appl. au.: Robert R. Blake & Jane
Srygley Mouton. Prev. reg. Nov. 1965, A828649. NM: abridgment. © Robert
R. Blake & Jane Srygley Mouton; 22Apr74; MP25291.


MP25292.

The Grid approach to conflict solving. BNA Communications, Inc. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Managerial grid) Appl. au.: Robert R. Blake & Jane
Srygley Mouton. Prev. reg. Nov. 1965, A828649. NM: abridgment. © Robert
R. Blake & Jane Srygley Mouton; 22Apr74; MP25292.


MP25293.

Laboratory emergencies. Old Pueblo Enterprises. By Rod O’Connor. 5 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. (Laboratory safety, pt. 4) © Harper and Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 1Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP25293.


MP25294.

Preventing laboratory accidents. Old Pueblo Enterprises. By Rod
O’Connor. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Laboratory safety, pt. 3) ©
Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP25294.


MP25295.

Handling reagents. Old Pueblo Enterprises. By Rod O’Connor. 5 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Laboratory safety, pt. 2) © Harper and Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 1Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP25295.


MP25296.

Laboratory first aid. Old Pueblo Enterprises. By Rod O’Connor. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. (Laboratory safety, pt. 5) © Harper and Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 1Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP25296.


MP25297.

Mitosis in animal cells. Unit One Film Prod., Inc. By Alfred F.
Owczarzak, J. Mole Bajer & Andrew S. Bajer. 5 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 24Jan72; MP25297.


MP25298.

Advanced microscopy. Unit One Film Prod., Inc. By Walter Plaut. 6 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au.: Harper and Row,
Publishers, Inc., employer for hire. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1May71; MP25298.


MP25299.

Conformation in ring compounds. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
(Structure and stereochemistry) Appl. au.: Joseph Casanova & Harold
Goldwhite. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 30Oct72; MP25299.


MP25300.

Drawing structures. Pt. 2. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Structure
and stereochemistry) Appl. au.: Joseph Casanova & Harold Goldwhite. ©
Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 30Oct72; MP25300.


MP25301.

Phototaxis in amoeba and euglena S P. Unit One Film Prod., Inc. By
Andrew S. Bajer & J. Mole Bajer. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 21Sep70; MP25301.


MP25302.

Cytoplasmic motility. Unit One Film Prod., Inc. 5 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au.: Andrew S. Bajer & H. Howard. ©
Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 21Sep70; MP25302.


MP25303.

Cation analysis: Wet chemical methods. Old Pueblo Films. 6 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au.: Rod O’Connor & Bruce Fowler.
© Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 14Jul70; MP25303.


MP25304.

Cation analysis: Chromatography and ion exchange. Old Pueblo Films. 6
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au.: Rod O’Connor &
Bruce Fowler. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 14Jul70; MP25304.


MP25305.

Normal mitosis in plant cells (haemanthus). Unit One Film Prod., Inc. 5
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au.: Andrew S. Bajer.
© Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP25305.


MP25306.

Fixation and dehydration in haemanthus. Unit One Film Prod., Inc. By
Andrew S. Bajer & J. Mole Bajer. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 21Sep70; MP25306.


MP25307.

Microscope illumination: the light path. Unit One Film Prod., Inc. By
Walter Plaut. 6 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au.:
Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc., employer for hire. © Harper and Row
Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP25307.


MP25308.

Meiosis. Unit One Film Prod., Inc. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Appl.
au.: Andrew S. Bajer. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 21Sep70;
MP25308.


MP25309.

Behavior of unicells. Unit One Film Prod., Inc. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Andrew S. Bajer. © Harper and Row Publishers,
Inc.; 21Sep70; MP25309.


MP25310.

Mitochondria in living cells. Unit One Film Prod., Inc. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Andrew S. Bajer, Alfred F. Owczarzak & Leo
Jones. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 21Sep70; MP25310.


MP25311.

Abnormal mitosis in plant cells. Unit One Film Prod., Inc. By Andrew S.
Bajer & J. Mole Bajer. 10 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Harper and
Row, Publishers, Inc.; 21Sep70; MP25311.


MP25312.

D N A replication. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Macromolecular biosynthesis) Appl. au.: J.
Lawrence Fox & George Kelvin. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.;
8Nov72; MP25312.


MP25313.

Induction and repression. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. By J.
Lawrence Fox & George Kelvin. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Macromolecular biosynthesis) © Harper and Row, Publishers,
Inc.; 13Nov72; MP25313.


MP25314.

Protein translation. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Macromolecular biosynthesis) Appl.
au.: J. Lawrence Fox & George Kelvin. © Harper and Row, Publishers,
Inc., 13Nov72; MP25314.


MP25315.

R N A transcription. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. By J. Lawrence Fox
& George Kelvin. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
(Macromolecular biosynthesis) © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.;
3Nov72; MP25315.


MP25316.

Optical isomers. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 2 min., si., color.
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Structure and stereochemistry) Appl. au.:
Joseph Casanova & Harold Goldwhite. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.;
30Oct72; MP25316.


MP25317.

Restricted rotation around carbon — carbon double bonds. Harper and Row,
Publishers, Inc. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
(Structure and stereochemistry) Appl. au.: Joseph Casanova & Harold
Goldwhite. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 30Oct72; MP25317.


MP25318.

Structural and geometric isomers. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 2
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Structure and
stereochemistry) Appl. au.: Joseph Casanova & Harold Goldwhite. © Harper
and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 30Oct72; MP25318.


MP25319.

Conformations of cyclohexane. Harper and Row, Publishers. Inc. 3 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Structure and stereochemistry)
Appl. au.: Joseph Casanova & Harold Goldwhite. © Harper and Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 30Oct72; MP25319.


MP25320.

Rotation and conformation. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Structure and stereochemistry) Appl.
au.: Joseph Casanova & Harold Goldwhite. © Harper and Row, Publishers,
Inc.; 30Oct72; MP25320.


MP25321.

There has to be an answer. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.:
Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 17Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25321.


MP25322.

Inside the 9 1/4 inch axle. Chrysler Corporation. 12 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 18Feb74
(in notice: 1973); MP25322.


MP25323.

Betty White guarantee. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © MNP Texize
Chemicals Company, division of Morton Norwich Products, Inc.; 10Oct73;
MP25323.


MP25324.

Talking bottles. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.; 27Nov73;
MP25324.


MP25325.

Sir Johnny on the spot. A Centron production. 12 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Centron Corporation, Inc.; 19Apr74; MP25325.


MP25326.

Santa Fe Federal Savings and Loan Association supersavers club
promotional spot. 60 sec., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Santa
Fe Federal Savings and Loan Association: 22Dec73; MP25326.


MP25327.

Santa Fe Federal Savings and Loan Association supersavers club
promotional spot. 30 sec., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Santa
Fe Federal Savings and Loan Association: 22Dec73; MP25327.


MP25328.

Drilling and blasting. A Menkle Services production. 30 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Laborers AGC Education and Training
Fund; 1Apr74 (in notice: 1973); MP25328.


MP25329.

Clearing timber on construction work. A Menkle Services production. 24
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti.: Clearing timber on
construction sites. © Laborers AGC Education and Training Fund; 25Jan74
(in notice: 1973); MP25329.


MP25330.

Role enactment in children’s play, a developmental overview. Arsenal
Family and Children’s Center, University of Pittsburgh. Made by Steve
Campus Productions, Inc. Produced in cooperation with the Department of
Child Development and Child Care, School of Health Related Professions,
University of Pittsburgh. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Sara
Arnaud. © University of Pittsburgh, Arsenal Family and Children’s
Center; 16Dec73; MP25330.


MP25331.

What happens when you go to the hospital? Arsenal Family and Children’s
Center, University of Pittsburgh. Made by Steve Campus Productions, Inc.
Produced in cooperation with the Department of Child Development and
Child Care, School of Health Related Professions, University of
Pittsburgh. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Sara Arnaud. ©
University of Pittsburgh, Arsenal Family and Children’s Center; 16Dec73;
MP25331.


MP25332.

Concept instancing of role enactment. Arsenal Family and Children’s
Center, University of Pittsburgh. Made by Steve Campus Productions, Inc.
Produced in cooperation with the Department of Child Development and
Child Care, School of Health Related Professions, University of
Pittsburgh. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Sara Arnaud. ©
University of Pittsburgh, Arsenal Family and Children’s Center; 16Dec73;
MP25332.


MP25333.

Moat monster. Arsenal Family and Children’s Center, University of
Pittsburgh. Made by Steve Campus Productions, Inc. Produced in
cooperation with the Department of Child Development and Child Care,
School of Health Related Professions, University of Pittsburgh. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Sara Arnaud. © University of Pittsburgh,
Arsenal Family and Children’s Center; 16Dec73; MP25333.


MP25334.

The Mayor comes to dinner. Arsenal Family and Children’s Center,
University of Pittsburgh. Made by Steve Campus Productions, Inc.
Produced in cooperation with the Department of Child Development and
Child Care, School of Health Related Professions, University of
Pittsburgh. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Sara Arnaud. ©
University of Pittsburgh, Arsenal Family and Children’s Center; 16Dec73;
MP25334.


MP25335.

City builders. Arsenal Family and Children’s Center, University of
Pittsburgh. Made by Steve Campus Productions, Inc. Produced in
cooperation with the Department of Child Development and Child Care,
School of Health Related Professions, University of Pittsburgh, 18 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Sara Arnaud. © University of Pittsburgh,
Arsenal Family and Children’s Center; 16Dec73; MP25335.


MP25336.

Measurement and statistics. Educational Media Corporation production. 16
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Basic psychology) Appl. au.: Don L. Sorenson.
© Educational Media Corporation; 1Sep73; MP25336.


MP25337.

Driver performance test. Aetna Life and Casualty. 23 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty; 2Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25337.


MP25338.

You can’t just hope they’ll make it. An Oz. of Prevention production. 19
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Industrial Alcoholism Films; 7Sep73; MP25338.


MP25339.

We don’t want to lose you. An Oz. of Prevention production. 23 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Industrial Alcoholism Films; 7Sep73; MP25339.


MP25340.

Future action computerized training system. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Add. ti.: F. A. C. T. S. © International Harvester Company; 22Mar74;
MP24340.


MP25341.

Linking sound and symbol: a musician teaches reading readiness. 26 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © The Kingsbury Center, Inc.; 23Jan74; MP25341.


MP25342.

Reaching out. Gerald Edwards. Produced in cooperation with the United
States Office of Education. 45 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gerald
Edwards; 10Jan74; MP25342.


MP25343.

D O S libraries. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 disk operating system)
© Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Mar72 (in notice: 1973);
MP25343.


MP25344.

D O S environment. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 disk operating
system) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Mar72 (in notice:
1973); MP25344.


MP25345.

Introduction to D O S. 9 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 disk operating
system) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Mar72 (in notice:
1973); MP25345.


MP25346.

J C L formats and functions. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 disk
operating system) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Mar72 (in
notice: 1973); MP25346.


MP25347.

D O S librarian programs. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 disk
operating system) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Mar72 (in
notice: 1973); MP25347.


MP25348.

Assign card and assign command. 23 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 disk
operating system) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Mar72 (in
notice: 1973); MP25348.


MP25349.

Copy function-C O R G Z. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 disk operating
system) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Mar72 (in notice:
1973); MP25349.


MP25350.

Supervisor. Pt. 2. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 disk operating
system) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Mar72; MP25350.


MP25351.

I P L and supervisor. Pt. 1. 21 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 disk
operating system) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Mar72;
MP25351.


MP25352.

D O S workshop. 23 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 disk operating system)
© Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Mar72; MP25352.


MP25353.

Labels and additional J C L. 31 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 disk
operating system) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Mar72;
MP25353.


MP25354.

Linkage editor. 25 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (S/360 disk operating system)
© Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Mar72; MP25354.


MP25355.

The Decisive hours. Ortho Diagnostics. Made by Aron and Falcone, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Ortho Pharmaceutical Corporation d. b. a.
Ortho Diagnostics; 21May73 (in notice: 1972); MP25355.


MP25356.

A Special kind of matter. The Upjohn Company. 28 min., sd., color, 16
mm. NM: compilation. © The Upjohn Company; 1Apr74; MP25356.


MP25357.

The Man and the land. Indiana, Michigan & Ohio Farm Bureaus. Made by On
Scene Cine Films. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Indiana Farm Bureau,
Inc., Michigan Farm Bureau & Ohio Farm Bureau Federation, Inc. (in
notice: Indiana, Michigan & Ohio Farm Bureaus); 1Mar74; MP25357.


MP25358.

Reward and punishment. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © CRM Productions, a
division of Ziff Davis Publishing Company & James Gardner Child
Development Centers; 21Mar74; MP25358.


MP25359.

If elected. 55 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Wayne H. Ewing. ©
Wayne H. Ewing; 14May73; MP25359.


MP25360.

A Student centered classroom. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by
Ethnographics, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (English through
interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 1Oct73; MP25360.


MP25361.

Story theater. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by Ethnographics, Inc. 25
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (English through interaction) © Houghton Mifflin
Company; 4Dec73; MP25361.


MP25362.

Small group improvisation — elementary. Houghton Mifflin Company. 20
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (English through interaction) © Houghton Mifflin
Company; 3Jan73; MP25362.


MP25363.

Discussing topics — elementary. Houghton Mifflin Company. 22 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (English through interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company;
24Oct73; MP25363.


MP25364.

A Pupil centered classroom — elementary. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made
by Ethnographics, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (English through
interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 3Jan73; MP25364.


MP25365.

Large group improvisation — secondary. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by
Ethnographics, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (English through
interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 3Jan73; MP25365.


MP25366.

Body English — elementary. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by
Ethnographics, Inc. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (English through
interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 3Jan73; MP25366.


MP25367.

Creative dramatics — elementary. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by
Ethnographics, Inc. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (English through
interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 3Jan73; MP25367.


MP25368.

Do and talk — elementary. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by
Ethnographics, Inc. 21 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (English through
interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 30Mar73; MP25368.


MP25369.

Small group discussion — secondary. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by
Ethnographics, Inc. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (English through
interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 1Nov73; MP25369.


MP25370.

The Writing workshop — secondary. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by
Ethnographics, Inc. 24 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (English through
interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 20Mar73; MP25370.


MP25571.

Choral reading — secondary. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by
Ethnographics, Inc. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (English through
interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 22May73; MP25371.


MP25372.

Readers’ theater — secondary. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by
Ethnographics, Inc. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (English through
interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 1Nov73; MP25372.


MP25373.

Small group improvisation — secondary. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by
Ethnographics, Inc. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (English through
interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 3Jan73; MP25373.


MP25374.

Small group writing — secondary. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by
Ethnographics, Inc. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (English through
interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 3Jan73; MP25374.


MP25375.

Reading activities. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by Ethnographics,
Inc. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (English through interaction) © Houghton
Mifflin Company; 3Jan73; MP25375.


MP25376.

Small group writing — elementary. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by
Ethnographics, Inc. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (English through
interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 3Jan73; MP25376.


MP25377.

Chamber theater — secondary. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by
Ethnographics, Inc. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (English through
interaction) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 3Jan73; MP25377.


MP25378.

Psychiatry learning system. 18 hours, sd., 35 videotapes (1/2 inch) in
cassettes. Appl. au.: Department of Psychiatry, Medical University of
South Carolina. © Medical University of South Carolina; 1Feb74; MP25378.


MP25379.

Rigging — use of wire rope slings. A Marshall Maintenance production. 18
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Marshall Maintenance; 1Apr74; MP25379.


MP25380.

Sol. 7 min., si., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Stan Brakhage. © Stan
Brakhage; 1May74; MP25380.


MP25381.

Hymn to her. 5 min., si., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Stan Brakhage. © Stan
Brakhage; 1May74; MP25381.


MP25382.

Aquarien. 5 min., si., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Stan Brakhage. © Stan
Brakhage; 1May74; MP25382.


MP25383.

Star garden. 33 min., si., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Stan Brakhage. ©
Stan Brakhage; 1May74; MP25383.


MP25384.

Skein. 6 min., si., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Stan Brakhage. © Stan
Brakhage.; 1May74; MP25384.


MP25385.

Baby soft. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.; 30Oct72; MP25385.


MP25386.

Scrubbing. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm, © Pfizer, Inc.; 8Nov73; MP25386.


MP25387.

50 happy years. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Wonderful world of
Disney, 1972–1973 series) Prev. pub. 18Aug64, LP28936. NM; additions &
compilation. © Walt Disney Productions; 19Jan73; MP25387.


MP25388.

The Story of weights and measures. Coronet Films & Ron Crawford, Inc.
2nd ed. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Feb73; MP25388.


MP25389.

Think metric! A Coronet film. 2nd ed. of the Metric system. 14 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 1Feb73; MP25389.


MP25390.

Effective writing: building an outline. A Coronet film. 2nd ed. 12 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 11Feb73; MP25390.


MP25391.

Our wonderful body: how we keep fit. A Coronet film. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 11Feb73; MP25391.


MP25392.

Big and small. A Coronet film. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 12Feb73; MP25392.


MP25393.

Hot and cold. A Coronet film. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 15Feb73; MP25393.


MP25394.

Warty the toad. A Coronet film. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 25Feb73; MP25394.


MP25395.

Our wonderful body: medicines, drugs and poisons. A Coronet film. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 1Oct73; MP25395.


MP25396.

The Nature of life: living things interact. A Coronet film. 12 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 31Dec73; MP25396.


MP25397.

The Nature of life: the living organism. A Coronet film. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 21Nov73; MP25397.


MP25398.

Energy relationships of cyclohexane conformations. Harper and Row,
Publishers, Inc. Made by Bay State Productions, Inc. 22 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Structure and stereochemistry) Appl.
au.: Joseph Casanova & Harold Goldwhite. © Harper and Row, Publishers,
Inc.; 30Oct72; MP25398.


MP25299.

Drawing structures. Pt. 1. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 30 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Structure and stereochemistry)
Appl. au.: Joseph Casanova & Harold Goldwhite. © Harper and Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 30Oct72; MP25399.


MP25400.

The Easy way. 10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc.
© Chrysler Corporation; 15May74; MP25400.


MP25401.

Single venturi carburetors. 10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.:
Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 20May74; MP25401.


MP25402.

Night club boom. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The March of Time) © Time,
Inc.; 22Mar46; MP25402.


MP25403.

Wanted, more homes. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The March of Time) ©
Time, Inc.; 19Apr46; MP25403.


MP25404.

Tomorrow’s Mexico. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The March of Time) © Time,
Inc.; 17May46; MP25404.


MP25405.

Problem drinkers. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The March of Time) © Time,
Inc.; 14jun46; MP25405.


MP25406.

The New France. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The March of Time) © Time,
Inc.; 12Jul46; MP25406.


MP25407.

Atomic power. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The March of Time) © Time,
Inc.; 9Aug46; MP25407.


MP25408.

Is everybody happy? 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The March of Time) ©
Time, Inc.; 7Sep46; MP25408.


MP25409.

World food problem. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The March of Time) ©
Time, Inc.; 4Oct46; MP25409.


MP25410.

The Soviets’ neighbor, Czechoslovakia. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The
March of Time) © Time, Inc.; 1Nov46; MP25410.


MP25411.

The American cop. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The March of Time) © Time,
Inc.; 29Nov46; MP25411.


MP25412.

Nobody’s children. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The March of Time) © Time,
Inc.; 27Dec46; MP25412.


MP25413.

Woman alive! A production of KERA-TV Dallas/Fort Worth. Produced in
collaboration with Ms. 55 min., sd., color, videotape (2 inch) © Public
Communication Foundation for North Texas; 16Apr74; MP25413.


MP25414.

Moonwalk one. Francis Thompson, Inc. Made by Peretz W. Johnnes. 90 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. states copyright not claimed in film from U.S.
Govt. sources. © Francis Thompson, Inc.; 1Jun70; MP25414.


MP25415.

A Place of our own. The Federal National Mortgage Association. Produced
in association with the National Association of Real Estate Editors. 15
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on The Fannie Mae guide to buying,
financing and selling your home. © Federal National Mortgage
Association; 12Nov73; MP25415.


MP25416.

Nature’s colors: the craft of dyeing with plants. 10 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Brooklyn Botanic Garden; 21May74; MP25416.


MP25417.

Young mother. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.; 14May73;
MP25417.


MP25418.

You see, I’ve had a life. 33 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Ben
Levin. © Temple University, Department of Radio-TV-Film & Ben Levin;
1Nov75 (in notice: 1972); MP25418.


MP25419.

Accident investigation, 3. A production of Woroner Films. 26 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Woroner Films, Inc.; 26Apr74; MP25419.


MP25420.

Acting. Aims Instructional Media Services, Inc. 32 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Film making techniques) Appl. au.: Tim Baar. © Tim Baar; 1Sep73;
MP25420.


MP25421.

The California gold rush. A Franklin production. 25 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au.: Robert J. Franklin. © Robert J. Franklin; 4May74;
MP25421.


MP25422.

Who stole the quiet day? Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc. 16 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 25Mar74 (in notice:
1973); MP25422.


MP25423.

Participative problem solving skills. 27 min., sd., color, videotape
(3/4 inch) in cassette. © General Motors Institute; 6Mar74; MP25423.


MP25424.

Baggies, Marlene Haggie, Baggies way golf ’74. 30 sec., sd., color, 16
mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 1Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25424.


MP25425.

Counseling skills evaluation. Pt. 1–2. Sid Wolf. 43 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Add. ti.: Counselor skills evaluation—measuring counselor
communications. © Psychological Skills Development Corporation; 7May74;
MP25425.


MP25426.

Day 1, day 2, friends. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate Palmolive
Company; 1Mar74; MP25426.


MP25427.

Truck driver — revised. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.;
14Aug73; MP25427.


MP25428.

Thyroid today: an endocrine update. Flint Laboratories, division of
Travenol Laboratories, Inc. Made by Medcom, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Medcom, Inc.; 30Aug73; MP25428.


MP25429.

A Thousand suns. Gilbert Film Associates. Produced in cooperation with
the Washington State Superintendent of Public Instruction—Frank R.
Brouillet, Essentia, the Evergreen State College & Environmental
Studies. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gilbert Film Associates; 25Feb74;
MP25429.


MP25430.

The Fruit fly: a look at behavior biology. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Biology today) © CRM, Inc.; 31Jan74; MP25430.


MP25431.

Service program extensions and J C L differences. 22 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (DOS/VS) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 31Jan74;
MP25431.


MP25432.

V S A M concepts and facilities. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (DOS/VS) ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 5Feb74; MP25432.


MP25433.

Programming efficiency. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (DOS/VS) ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 14Mar74; MP25433.


MP25434.

Disparates. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Paul Brekke. © Paul
Brekke; 28Mar74; MP25434.


MP25435.

Drivo — test. 75 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty;
1Feb70; MP25435.


MP25436.

Lecture 7. Consultants Associated, Inc. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(S/360 operating system—operations operator training) Appl. au.:
Consultants Associated, Inc. © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
1Jun72 (in notice: 1971); MP25436.


MP25437.

World of the black maned lion. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mutual of
Omaha’s Wild kingdom) © Mutual of Omaha; 15Feb74; MP25437.


MP25438.

Operation quickfind. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mutual of Omaha’s Wild
kingdom) © Mutual of Omaha; 22Feb74; MP25438.


MP25439.

Eagle Island. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mutual of Omaha’s Wild
kingdom) © Mutual of Omaha; 22Feb74; MP25439.


MP25440.

Chase of the onager. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mutual of Omaha’s Wild
kingdom) © Mutual of Omaha; 22Mar74; MP25440.


MP25441.

The Wacky West on Wednesday. Richmond Public Schools Art Department. 9
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Richmond Humanities Center. ©
Richmond Humanities Center; 7Feb74; MP25441.


MP25442.

Marathon showdown. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti.: Marathon candy
bar (showdown) © Mars, Inc.; 5Dec73; MP25442.


MP25443.

Handi Wipes, Betsy Cullen, golf ’74 A B C. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Colgate Palmolive Company; 29Jan74; MP25443.


MP25444.

To challenge that which they question. 23 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: David S. Weinkauf. Prev. reg. 24Jul72, MP22949. NM: revision. ©
David S. Weinkauf; 20Feb74; MP25444.


MP25445.

The Killer instinct. A David L. Wolper production. Produced in
association with Jack Kaufman Productions, Inc. 54 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Primal man) Appl. au.: Wolper Productions. NM: additions. © Wolper
Productions; 2Dec73; MP25445.


MP25446.

Sexual fantasies, U. S. A. 87 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Unicorn Films;
11Nov73; MP25446.


MP25447.

The Senator. 91 min., sd., color. 35 mm. © Magus Film; 7Oct72; MP25447.


MP25448.

Anything we can do, we can do better. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: United States Steel Corporation, employer for hire. © United States
Steel Corporation; 18Dec73; MP25448.


MP25449.

Orientation and overview. 18 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in
cassette. © Arthur Andersen and Company; 29Apr74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25449.


MP25450.

Instructor orientation. 15 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in
cassette. © Arthur Andersen and Company; 29Apr74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25450.


MP25451.

Marketing functions. 18 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in
cassette. © Arthur Andersen and Company; 29Apr74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25451.


MP25452.

Accrual basis accounting. 26 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in
cassette. © Arthur Andersen and Company; 29Apr74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25452.


MP25453.

Controllers’ functions and general accounting. 11 min., sd., color,
videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. Add. ti.: Controllers’
functions/responsibilities. © Arthur Andersen and Company; 29Apr74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25453.


MP25454.

Manufacturing orientation. 22 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in
cassette. © Arthur Andersen and Company; 29Apr74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25454.


MP25455.

Accounting for manufacturing costs. 31 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. © Arthur Andersen and Company: 29Apr74 (in notice:
1973); MP25455.


MP25456.

Cost, volume, profit relationships. 26 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. Add. ti.: Cost, volume, profit applications. © Arthur
Andersen and Company; 29Apr74 (in notice: 1973); MP25456.


MP25457.

Plankton to fish: a food cycle. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 28Jan74; MP25457.


MP25458.

The Earth: its water cycle. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 18Mar74; MP25458.


MP25459.

Basic laboratory safety. Old Pueblo Enterprises. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Laboratory safety, pt. 1) Appl. au.: Rod
O’Connor. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Mar71 (in notice: 1970);
MP25459.


MP25460.

Return. Motion Picture Services, Division of Instructional
Communications, Western Michigan University. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Western Michigan University; 7Jul72; MP25460.


MP25461.

Ancient civilizations. A Coronet film. 28 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 21May74; MP25461.


MP25462.

Kinetic art in Paris. Universal Education and Visual Arts presents. A
Knight film. Produced in association with Lys Productions. 28 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Museum without walls) © Universal Education and Visual
Arts; 1Oct71; MP25462.


MP25463.

It has nothing to do with you. CRM Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Conflict and awareness: a film series on human values) © Ziff Davis
Publishing Company; 1Apr74; MP25463.


MP25464.

But Jack was a good driver. CRM Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Conflict and awareness: a film series on human values) © Ziff Davis
Publishing Company; 1Apr74; MP25464.


MP25465.

It’s my decision, as long as it’s what you want. CRM Productions. 13
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Conflict and awareness: a film series on human
values) © Ziff Davis Publishing Company; 1Apr74; MP25465.


MP25466.

What about McBride? CRM Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Conflict and awareness: a film series on human values) © Ziff Davis
Publishing Company; 1Apr74; MP25466.


MP25467.

Are we still going to the movies? CRM Productions. 14 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Conflict and awareness: a film series on human values) © Ziff
Davis Publishing Company; 1Apr74; MP25467.


MP25469.

It’s not fair. CRM Productions. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Conflict
and awareness: a film series on human values) © Ziff Davis Publishing
Company; 1Apr74; MP25469.


MP25470.

What do you want me to say? CRM Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Conflict and awareness: a film series on human values) © Ziff Davis
Publishing Company; 1Apr74; MP25470.


MP25471.

The Engineer. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © AT and T; 1May74; MP25471.


MP25472.

Running smooth: a guide to lubrication. University of Nebraska,
Department of Agricultural Engineering. Produced in cooperation with
American Oil Company. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Amoco Oil
Company. © Amoco Oil Company; 14Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25472.


MP25473.

Yugoslavian coastline. Institut Fuer Film und Bild. A Films, Inc.
presentation. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world series)
Appl. au.: Public Media, Inc. NM: abridgment. © Public Media, Inc.;
10Jun70; MP25473.


MP25474.

Industrial beginnings in West Pakistan. Institut Fuer Film und Bild. A
Films, Inc. presentation. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world
series) NM: abridgment. © Films, Inc.; 1Sep72; MP25474.


MP25475.

Indian villagers in Mexico. Institut Fuer Film und Bild. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Man and his world series) Appl. au.: Public Media, Inc.
NM: abridgment. © Public Media, Inc.; 1Sep72; MP25475.


MP25476.

Kibbutz. Institut Fuer Film und Bild. A Films, Inc. presentation. 19
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world series) Add. ti.: Israeli
kibbutz. NM: abridgment. © Films, Inc.; 19Feb74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25476.


MP25477.

A Selling showcase. 21 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. ©
Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation; 29Jan74; MP25477.


MP25478.

It ain’t city music. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Thomas R.
Davenport. © Pearlstone Film Company; 1Sep73; MP25478.


MP25479.

Microscopic middlemen. Feed Service Corporation. Filmed in cooperation
with the Department of Animal Science, College of Agricultural and
Environmental Sciences, University of California. 13 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Feed Service Corporation; 23Mar74; MP25479.


MP25480.

Martha. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Jennifer H. Mead. Prev.
reg. 1973, MU8520. © Jennifer Mead; 1Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25480.


MP25481.

Jacques Lipchitz. The Jacques Lipchitz Art Foundation. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Jacques Lipchitz Art Foundation, Inc.; 20May72; MP25481.


MP25482.

The Big cats. The National Geographic Society & Wolper Productions, Inc.
51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic Society; 6Mar74;
MP25482.


MP25483.

You’re too fat. NBC News. 50 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.:
National Broadcasting Company, Inc. © National Broadcasting Company,
Inc.; 11Apr74; MP25483.


MP25484.

James and John. Peach Enterprises, Inc. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Peach Enterprises, Inc.; 25Oct73; MP25484.


MP25485.

The Challenge of the mountains. John P. Wendland. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © John P. Wendland; 19Jun73; MP25485.


MP25486.

The Last pony mine. Film Production Unit, Iowa State University. 23
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Iowa State University of Science and
Technology. © Iowa State University a. a. d. o. Iowa State University of
Science and Technology; 19May72; MP25486.


MP25487.

The Age of the sun. A production of Glen/Kaye Films. 21 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Glen/Kaye Films; 12Mar74; MP25487.


MP25488.

Something better. Psynfac Corporation. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: Psynfac Corporation, employer for hire. © Psynfac Corporation (in
notice: Jones & Peters, Psynfac Corporation); 15Nov73; MP25488.


MP25489.

Crawl, revised. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © MNP Texize Chemicals
Company, division of Morton Norwich Products, Inc.; 26Mar74; MP25489.


MP25490.

Alpen barn. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company;
1Feb74; MP25490.


MP25491.

Alpen sun up. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company;
15Mar74; MP25491.


MP25492.

Baggies, Marleene Haggie, Baggies way, golf ’74 A B C. 30 sec., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 1Feb74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25492.


MP25493.

Handi Wipes, Betsy Cullen, golf ’74 C B S / N B C. 30 sec., sd., color,
16 mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 29Jan74; MP25493.


MP25494.

Priority one: environment — water pollution, distillation of water. 4
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Pollution Control
Education Center, Township of Union Public Schools; 16Apr73; MP25494.


MP25495.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 431. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 13Apr73; MP25495.


MP25496.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 497. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 7Nov73;
MP25496.


MP25497.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 562. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4
inch) © Worldwide Church of God; 29Mar74; MP25497.


MP25498.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 556. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. Appl. au.: Worldwide Church of
God. © Worldwide Church of God; 18Feb74; MP25498.

MP25499. Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 557. Ambassador College. 29 min.,
sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. Appl. au.: Worldwide
Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 18Feb74; MP25499.


MP25500.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 560. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. Appl. au.: Worldwide Church of
God. © Worldwide Church of God; 22Feb74; MP25500.




                                   MU
                             REGISTRATIONS


MU8862.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, Nov. 12, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8862.


MU8863.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, Nov. 13, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8863.


MU8864.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Nov. 14, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8864.


MU8865.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, Nov. 15, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8865.


MU8866.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, Nov. 16, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8866.


MU8867.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, Nov. 19, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8867.


MU8868.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, Nov. 20, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8868.


MU8869.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Nov. 21, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8869.


MU8870.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, Nov. 22, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8870.


MU8871.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, Nov. 23, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8871.


MU8872.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, Nov. 26, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8872.


MU8873.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, Nov. 27, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8873.


MU8874.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Nov. 28, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8874.


MU8875.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, Nov. 29, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8875.


MU8876.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, Nov. 30, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8876.


MU8877.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, Dec. 3, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8877.


MU8878.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, Dec. 4, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8878.


MU8879.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Dec. 5, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8879.


MU8880.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, Dec. 6, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8880.


MU8881.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, Dec. 7, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8881.


MU8882.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, Dec. 10, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8882.


MU8883.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, Dec. 11, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8883.


MU8884.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Dec. 12, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8884.


MU8885.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, Dec. 13, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8885.


MU8886.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, Dec. 14, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System;
Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8886.


MU8887.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, Dec. 17, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8887.


MU8888.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, Dec. 18, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8888.


MU8889.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Dec. 19, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8889.


MU8890.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, Dec. 20, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8890.


MU8891.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, Dec. 21, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 14Jan74; MU8891.


MU8892.

If given a chance. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Boulevard
Communication Group, Inc. © Hemophilia of Michigan; 20Dec73; MU8892.


MU8893.

Land of the springbok. 3,600 ft., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Lloyd Lobel.
© Lloyd Lobel; 26Dec73; MU8893.


MU8894.

Travel. 45 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Peregrinations Film
Holding, Ltd. and Associates. © Douglas S. Leiterman & Philip S. Hobel;
26Dec73; MU8894.


MU8895.

Kennedys don’t cry. 90 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Male Siblings
Film, Ltd. and Associates. © Douglas S. Leiterman & Philip S. Hobel;
26Dec73; MU8895.


MU8896.

Universal Furniture 1. 10 sec., sd., color, videotape (2 inch) Appl.
au.: Michel Brener. © Michel Brener; 22Jan74; MU8896.


MU8897.

Universal Furniture 2. 30 sec., sd., color, videotape (2 inch) Appl.
au.: Michel Brener. © Michel Brener; 22Jan74; MU8897.


MU8898.

Universal Furniture 3. 30 sec., sd., color, videotape (2 inch) Appl.
au.: Michel Brener. © Michel Brener; 22Jan74; MU8898.


MU8899.

Universal Furniture 4. 10 sec., sd., color, videotape (2 inch) Appl.
au.: Michel Brener. © Michel Brener; 22Jan74; MU8899.


MU8900.

Universal Furniture 5. 10 sec., sd., color, videotape (2 inch) Appl.
au.: Michel Brener. © Michel Brener; 22Jan74; MU8900.


MU8901.

Universal Furniture 6. 10 sec., sd., color, videotape (2 inch) Appl.
au.: Michel Brener. © Michel Brener; 22Jan74; MU8901.


MU8902.

In due time. 6 min., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Ann Tavi Fulkerson & Mary
Mackin. © Ann Tavi Fulkerson & Mary Mackin; 17Jan74; MU8902.


MU8903.

The Anterior adnexa. The Institute of Ophthalmology & Baylor College of
Medicine. Made by Medical Illustration and Audiovisual Education, Baylor
College of Medicine. Photography: Joachim D. Zwer, illus.: Richard S.
Hall & William M. Winn. 19 min., color, 16 mm. (Anatomy of the human
eye, pt. 5) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation;
14Jan74; MU8903.


MU8904.

The Nerves. The Institute of Ophthalmology & Baylor College of Medicine.
Illustration: Richard Hall. 17 min., color, 16 mm. (Anatomy of the human
eye, pt. 7) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation;
14Jan74; MU8904.


MU8905.

Now is no more — A. J.’s family. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.:
Christopher G. Casler. © Christopher G. Casler; 16Jan74; MU8905.


MU8906.

Hot lights. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto Culver Company;
25Jan74; MU8906.


MU8907.

A Joyful noise. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Harvey
Narcisenfeld. © Harvey Narcisenfeld; 25Jan74; MU8907.


MU8908.

Employee orientation series for Bendix Home Systems. 13 min., color.
Add. ti.: Bendix employee orientation program. © Bendix Home Systems,
Inc.; 4Feb74; MU8908.


MU8909.

Dirty Danish dolls. 85 min., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: W. Rymarkiewicz,
pseud. of Gordon Schindler. © Monogram Publications, Inc.; 21Feb74;
MU8909.


MU8910.

Mordi Gassner’s immortal who’s who. 3 min., si., color, 35 mm. Appl.
au.: Mordi Gassner. © Mordi Gassner; 13Feb74; MU8910.


MU8911.

Bison. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: David R. Bennett. © David
R. Bennett; 20Feb74; MU8911.


MU8912.

Social security number contest. 3 min., sd., videotape. Appl. au.:
Stanley V. Ehrlich. © Stanley V. Ehrlich; 26Feb74; MU8912.


MU8913.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, Dec. 25, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8913.


MU8914.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Dec. 26, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8914.


MU8915.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, Dec. 27, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8915.


MU8916.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, Dec. 28, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8916.


MU8917.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, Dec. 31, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8917.


MU8918.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, Jan. 1, 1974. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8918.


MU8919.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Jan. 2, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8919.


MU8920.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, Jan. 3, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8920.


MU8921.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, Jan. 4, 1974. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8921.


MU8922.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, Jan. 7, 1974. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8922.


MU8923.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, Jan. 8, 1974. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8923.


MU8924.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Jan. 9, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8924.


MU8925.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, Jan. 10, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8925.


MU8926.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, Jan. 11, 1974. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8926.


MU8927.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, Jan. 14, 1974. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8927.


MU8928.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, Jan. 15, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8928.


MU8929.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Jan. 16, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8929.


MU8930.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, Jan. 17, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8930.


MU8931.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, Jan. 18, 1974. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8931.


MU8932.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, Jan. 21, 1974. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8932.


MU8933.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, Jan. 22, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8933.


MU8934.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Jan. 23, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8934.


MU8935.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, Jan. 24, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Feb74; MU8935.


MU8936.

Bejart: spring, 1972. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Cynthia M.
Sullivan. © Cynthia M. Sullivan; 20Feb73; MU8936.


MU8937.

The Great land. Fred Meader Productions. 100 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Prev. reg. as The Wilderness: a way of life, 28Jul69, MU8062 & A Day in
the sun, 5Apr71, MU8332. NM: additions. © Frederick P. Meader & Elaine
A. Meader; 6Mar74; MU8937.


MU8938.

The Jean Goldkette orchestra on tour. 5 min. Appl. au.: Charles Horvath.
© Paul M. Mertz; 26Feb74; MU8938.


MU8939.

Scienterrifictime with the Peripatetic Professor. 380 min., 19
videotapes. © Santa Ana Unified School District; 11Mar74; MU8939.


MU8940.

Jabbertown. 120 min., 6 videotapes. © Santa Ana Unified School District;
11Mar74; MU8940.


MU8941.

Henry Gibson. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto Culver Company;
27Feb74; MU8941.


MU8942.

Twice the work refill. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto Culver
Company; 27Feb74; MU8942.


MU8943.

First encounter. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Eugeniusz
(Eugene) Michno. © Eugeniusz Michno a. k. a. Eugene Michno; 27Feb74;
MU8943.


MU8944.

Camaro versus competition. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 32 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti.: Nova versus competition and Vega
versus competition. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation; 25Jan74; MU8944.


MU8945.

El Camino. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation. Made by
the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation;
25Jan74; MU8945.


MU8946.

Vega Kammback versus competition. Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 24 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti.: Caprice Estate versus Country
Squire and Malibu Classic Estate versus Gran Torino Wagon. © Chevrolet
Motor Division, General Motors Corporation; 25Jan74; MU8946.


MU8947.

Chevrolet trucks, 1974 pickup comparison. Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 10
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corporation; 25Jan74; MU8947.


MU8948.

Chevelle versus competition. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 22 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti.: Monte Carlo versus competition. ©
Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation; 25Jan74; MU8948.


MU8949.

Impala versus Ford L T D. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 16 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti.: Caprice Classic versus LTD Brougham.
© Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation; 25Jan74; MU8949.


MU8950.

Wild heritage. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au.: Donald M.
Redinger & Roger Latham. © The Great Outdoors Productions; 11Feb74;
MU8950.


MU8951.

Coney Island eats. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Frank (Francis
Peter) Mouris. © Frank (Francis Peter) Mouris; 7Mar74; MU8951.


MU8952.

Screentest. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Frank (Francis Peter)
Mouris. © Frank (Francis Peter) Mouris; 7Mar74; MU8952.


MU8953.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, December 24, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU8953.


MU8954.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, January 25, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU8954.


MU8955.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, January 28, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU8955.


MU8956.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, January 29, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU8956.


MU8957.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, January 30, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU8957.


MU8958.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, January 31, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU8958.


MU8959.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, February 1, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU8959.

MU896O.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, February 4, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU896O.


MU8961.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, February 5, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU8961.


MU8962.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, February 6, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU8962.


MU8963.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, February 7, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU8963.


MU8964.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, February 8, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU8964.


MU8965.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, February 11, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU8965.


MU8966.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, February 12, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU8966.


MU8967.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, February 13, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Mar74; MU8967.


MU8968.

Clarion call. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The Christian Science Board
of Directors; 8Mar74; MU8968.


MU8969.

About my father’s business. 34 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The Christian
Science Board of Directors; 8Mar74; MU8969.


MU8970.

Youth and church need each other. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The
Christian Science Board of Directors; 8Mar74; MU8970.


MU8971.

Twins. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: J. Walter Thompson
Company. © The Gillette Company, Safety Razor Division; 31Jan74; MU8971.


MU8972.

Sutro TV tower phenomenon. 30 sec., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Marjorie D.
Martin. © Marjorie D. Martin; 24Apr74; MU8972.


MU8973.

A Sound motion picture about decibels. General Motors. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Grant D. Harris. © Impact Production
Associates; 18Apr74; MU8973.


MU8974.

We are curious, Scandinavia, 1973. 60 min., color, 8 mm. Appl. au.:
Lawrence Martz. © Lawrence Martz; 26Apr74; MU8974.


MU8975.

North Carolina craftsman — Paul Minnis. 722 ft., sd. (North Carolina
craftsmen) Appl. au.: Arthur Robert Rasch. © Cinemasonics, Inc.;
26Mar74; MU8975.


MU8976.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, Feb. 15, 1974. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Apr74; MU8976.


MU8977.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, Feb. 19, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Apr74; MU8977.


MU8978.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Feb. 20, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Apr74; MU8978.


MU8979.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, Feb. 25, 1974. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Apr74; MU8979.


MU8980.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, Feb. 26, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Apr74; MU898O.


MU8981.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Feb. 27, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Apr74; MU8981.


MU8982.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, Feb. 28, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Apr74; MU8982.


MU8983.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, Mar. 18, 1974. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Apr74; MU8983.


MU8984.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, Mar. 19, 1974.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 8Apr74; MU8984.


MU8985.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, Mar. 22, 1974. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Apr74; MU8985.


MU8986.

Latigo — a concept of Godwin Bevers. 11 min., sd., color, 8 mm. © Godwin
Bevers Company, Inc.; 25Apr74; MU8986.


MU8987.

A Sense of pride. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Service supremacy program) © Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corporation; 1Apr74; MU8987.


MU8988.

The Efficiency experts: Westinghouse compacts. Westinghouse Electric
Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 15 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Westinghouse Electric Corporation; 1Apr74;
MU8988.


MU8989.

Total customer satisfaction. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 13 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Service supremacy program) © Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corporation; 1Apr74; MU8989.


MU8990.

Senior management report to retail. Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corporation; 1Apr74; MU8990.


MU8991.

Carolyn Lois White’s preschool years at home: 1969 - 1973. 64 min.,
color, Super 8 mm. (A White House family in the United States of
America) Appl. au.: Carol E. B. G. White. © Carol Elizabeth Brand Gwynn
White; 29Apr74; MU8991.


MU8992.

Sittin’ on top of the world: at the fiddlers convention. 25 min., sd.
Appl. au.: Sandra Sutton & Max Kalmanowicz. © Sandra Sutton & Max
Kalmanowicz; 26Apr74; MU8992.


MU8993.

The Quiet campus. Michael Silver. 25 min., sd. © Michael Silver;
22Apr74; MU8993.


MU8994.

The Caterpillar. 1 min., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Stan Davis & Joan
Davis. © Saugatuck Productions; 25Apr74; MU8994.


MU8995.

Playground in the zoo. 1 min., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Stan Davis &
Joan Davis. © Saugatuck Productions; 19Apr74; MU8995.


MU8996.

The Little blue penguin. 1 min., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Stan Davis &
Joan Davis. © Saugatuck Productions; 19Apr74; MU8996.


MU8997.

Koan. 2 min., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Denise P. Gallant. © Denise P.
Gallant; 6Jun74; MU8997.


MU8998.

Structure of the human skull. Pt. 1: The Cranium. 14 min., color, 16 mm.
(Skeletal and topographic anatomy) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of
AV Corporation; 15May74; MU8998.


MU8999.

Valve spacing and pressuring. 19 min., color, 16 mm. (Basic principles
of continuous flow gas lift) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of AV
Corporation; 9May74; MU8999.


MU9000.

Effects of surface conditions on gas lift performance. 11 min., color,
16 mm. (Basic principles of continuous flow gas lift) © Teaching Films,
Inc., division of AV Corporation; 9May74; MU9000.


MU9001.

The Effects of gas rates and depth of injection on well performance. 12
min., color, 16 mm. (Basic principles of continuous flow gas lift) ©
Teaching Films, Inc., division of AV Corporation; 9May74; MU9001.


MU9002.

The Well — flowing, dead and unloading. 13 min., color, 16 mm. (Basic
principles of continuous flow gas lift) © Teaching Films, Inc.; division
of AV Corporation; 9May74; MU9002.


MU9003.

Well model and lift. 11 min., color, 16 mm. (Basic principles of
continuous flow gas lift) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of AV
Corporation; 9May74; MU9003.


MU9004.

Overnight. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto Culver Company;
20May74; MU9004.


MU9005.

Seasons of a craftsman. Bruce Bayne Williams. 27 min., sd., color. 16
mm. © Bruce Bayne Williams; 20May74; MU9005.


MU9006.

Parts and accessories inventory management. Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 21
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Service supremacy program)
Add. ti.: P and A inventory management. © Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corporation; 7May74; MU9006.


MU9007.

Parts and accessories facilities. Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 16 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Service supremacy program) Add. ti.: P
and A facilities. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation; 7May74; MU9007.


MU9008.

Stereotyped motor mechanisms: extrapyramidal system. 20 min., color, 16
mm. (The Anatomical basis of brain function) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of AV Corporation; 28May74; MU9008.


MU9009.

Poolside hands. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto Culver Company;
3Apr74; MU9009.


MU9010.

The Scans short test engine evaluation system. James Slayden Associates.
13 min., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Louis A. Welt. © Scans Associates,
Inc.; 18Jun74; MU9010.


MU9011.

Women, women, women. 60 min. Appl. au.: Dolores Goodman & Cris
Alexander. © Dolores M. Goodman & Cris Alexander; 17Jun74; MU9011.


MU9012.

A Bicycle built for you. 19 min., color, 16 mm. © Aptos Film
Productions, Inc.; 27Jun74; MU9012.


MU9013.

Short cuts. Catalon Productions. 128 ft., color, 16 mm. Add. ti.: Short
spots. Appl. au.: Warren J. Spinrad. © Warren J. Spinrad d. b. a.
Catalon Productions; 1Jul74; MU9013.


MU9014.

Smell brain and ancient cortex: rhinencephalon. 20 min., color, 16 mm.
(The Anatomical basis of brain function) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of AV Corporation; 17Jun74; MU9014.


MU9015.

The Other half of the sky, a China memoir. 74 min., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: Shirley MacLaine. © Shirley MacLaine Productions; 2Jul74; MU9015.


MU9016.

A Shout of triumph. 20 min. © Cana Media, Inc.; 13May74; MU9016.




                         RENEWAL REGISTRATIONS


A list of motion pictures for which renewal registrations were made
during the period covered by this issue. Arrangement is by registration
number; as renewal registrations are numbered continuously for all
classes, there will be breaks in the sequence for any given type of
material. Information relating to both the original and the renewal
registration is included in each entry.


R566187.

Paramount news. No. 33. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 21Dec46;
M1506. Major News Library (PWH); 26Dec73; R566187.


R566188.

Paramount news. No. 34. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Dec46;
M1507. Major News Library (PWH); 26Dec73; R566188.


R566189.

Abie’s Irish rose. By Bing Crosby Producers, Inc. 10 reels. © 27Dec46;
L820. Raymond Rohauer (PWH); 28Dec73; R566189.


R566404.

The Yearling. By Loew’s, Inc. 14 reels. © 20Dec46; L763. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Dec73; R566404.


R566924.

Paramount news. No. 35. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 28Dec46;
M1519. Major News Library (PWH); 3Jan74; R566924.


R566925.

Paramount news. No. 36. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Jan47;
M1520. Major News Library (PWH); 3Jan74; R566925.


R567066.

A Really important person. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Jan47; L761. Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan74; R567066.


R567067.

Athletiquiz. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. (What’s your I. Q.?, no. 12) ©
2Jan47; M1504. Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan74; R567067.


R567068.

Diamond demon. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Jan47; M1601. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan74; R567068.


R567076.

Mighty Mouse in Svengali’s cat. By TerryToons, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Jan46;
L218. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan74; R567076.


R567077.

Gandy Goose in Fortune hunters. By Terry-Toons (i. e. TerryToons), Inc.
1 reel. © 8Feb46; L243. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan74;
R567077.


R567279.

The Time, the place, and the girl. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 12
reels. © 28Dec46; L760. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan74;
R567279.


R567280.

Kitty Kornered. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 30Dec46; M1440.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan74; R567280.


R567281.

Hollywood Daffy. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 24Dec46; M1441.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan74; R567281.


R567282.

Baseball Bugs. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 26Dec46; M1497.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan74; R567282.


R567283.

Great piggy bank robbery. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. ©
29Dec46; M1498. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan74; R567283.


R567284.

Gay anties. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 29Dec46; M1708.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan74; R567284.


R567285.

Battle of champs. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 29Dec46;
M1733. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan74; R567285.


R567286.

Rabbit transit. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 30Dec46; M2052.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan74; R567286.


R567287.

Goofy gophers. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 31Dec46; M2420.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan74; R567287.


R567288.

Stan Kenton and orchestra. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. ©
28Dec46; M2422. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan74; R567288.


R567289.

Las Vegas, frontier town. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
20Dec46; M2445. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan74; R567289.


R567290.

Beautiful Bali. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 28Dec46; M2468.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan74; R567290.


R567417.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 225. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 4Dec46; M1499. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 7Jan74; R567417.


R567418.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 226. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 5Dec46; M1500. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 7Jan74; R567418.


R567419.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 227. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 11Dec46; M1501. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Jan74; R567419.


R567420.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 228. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 13Dec46; M1502. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Jan74; R567420.


R567421.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 229. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 18Dec46; M1510. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 7Jan74; R567421.


R567422.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 230. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 20Dec46; M1511. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Jan74; R567422.


R567423.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 231. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 25Dec46; M1595. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Jan74; R567423.


R567424.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 232. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 27Dec46; M1596. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 7Jan74; R567424.


R567527.

Paramount news. No. 37. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 2 reels. © 4Jan47;
M1580. Major News Library (PWH); 9Jan74; R567527.


R567579.

Trial by torture. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Son of the
guardsman, chap. 7) © 5Dec46; L729. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 8Jan74; R567579.


R567580.

Boston Blackie and the law. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
12Dec46; L730. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan74;
R567580.


R567581.

Singin’ in the corn. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
26Dec46; L731. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan74;
R567581.


R567582.

The Fighting frontiersman. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
19Dec46; L736. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan74;
R567582.


R567583.

The Return of Monte Cristo. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 10 reels.
© 28Dec46; L743. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan74;
R567583.


R567584.

Mark Crowell’s treachery. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels.
(Son of the guardsman, chap. 8) © 12Dec46; L750. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan74; R567584.


R567585.

Alias Mister Twilight. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
24Dec46; L751. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan74;
R567585.


R567586.

Crushed to earth. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Son of the
guardsman, chap. 9) © 19Dec46; L771. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 8Jan74; R567586.


R567587.

Three little pirates. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
5Dec46; L780. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan74; R567587.


R567588.

A Throne at stake. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Son of
the guardsman, chap. 10) © 26Dec46; L791. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 8Jan74; R567588.


R567589.

Andy plays hookey. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 19Dec46;
L993. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan74; R567589.


R567590.

Community sing. Ser. 11, no. 4. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 19Dec46; M1477. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
8Jan74; R567590.


R567591.

The Skolsky party. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. (Screen
snapshots, ser. 26, no. 4) © 26Dec46; M1512. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan74; R567591.


R567592.

Thrills of music. Ser. 1, no. 4. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 19Dec46; M1917. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
8Jan74; R567592.


R567593.

Best in show. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. (The World of
sports) © 12Dec46; M1969. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
8Jan74; R567593.


R567675.

Blondie knows best; a motion picture photoplay. By Columbia Pictures
Corporation. © 17Oct46; L666. King Features Syndicate, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Jan74; R567675.


R567767.

Paramount news. No. 38. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 8Jan47;
M1581. Major News Library (PWH); 16Jan74; R567767.


R567768.

Paramount news. No. 39. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 11Jan47;
M1603. Major News Library (PWH); 16Jan74; R567768.


R567997.

Centennial summer. 12 reels. © 10Jul46; L568. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R567997.


R567998.

Deadline for murder. 7 reels. © 14Jun46; L569. Twentieth Century Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R567998.


R567999.

It shouldn’t happen to a dog. 8 reels. © 19Jun46; L589. Twentieth
Century Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R567999.


R568000.

Claudia and David. 8 reels. © 14Aug46; L610. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568000.


R568001.

If I’m lucky. 9 reels. © 31Aug46; L619. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568001.


R568002.

Smoky. 10 reels. © 18Jun46; L649. Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation
(PWH); 10Jan74; R568002.


R568003.

Margie. 10 reels. © 16Oct46; L726. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568003.


R568004.

Anna and the King of Siam. 14 reels. © 20Jun46; L753. Twentieth Century
Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568004.


R568005.

Home sweet homicide. 10 reels. © 25Aug46; L754. Twentieth Century Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568005.


R568006.

My darling Clementine. 10 reels. © 16Oct46; L755. Twentieth Century Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568006.


R568007.

Three little girls in blue. 10 reels. © 4Sep46; L777. Twentieth Century
Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568007.


R568008.

The Razor’s edge. 17 reels. © 19Nov46; L785. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568008.


R568009.

Dangerous millions. 8 reels. © 2Dec46; L790. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568009.


R568010.

The Shocking Miss Pilgrim. 9 reels. © 31Dec46; L821. Twentieth Century
Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568010.


R568011.

Wake up and dream. 10 reels. © 28Nov46; L825. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568011.


R568012.

Strange journey. 7 reels. © 16Oct46; L967. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568012.

R568O13.

Backlash. 7 reels. © 8Nov46; L1152. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568013.


R568014.

Cradle of liberty. 1 reel. © 21Jun46; M910. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568014.


R568015.

Football fanfare. 1 reel. © 23Aug46; M1092. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568015.


R568016.

Across the Great Divide. 1 reel. © 5Jul46; M1496. Twentieth Century Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568016.


R568017.

Sons of courage. 1 reel. © 2Aug46; M1643. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568017.


R568018.

Summer trails. 1 reel. © 8Nov46; M1652. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568018.


R568019.

Winter holiday. 1 reel. © 27Sep46; M1963. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568019.


R568020.

Jamaica. 1 reel. © 13Sep46; M2195. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568020.


R568021.

Girls and gags. 1 reel. © 22Nov46; M2298. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R568021.


R568205.

Life with baby. 18 min. (The March of time) © 25Jan46; M24706. Time,
Inc. (PWH); 21Dec73; R568205.


R568206.

Challenge to Hollywood. 18 min. (The March of time) © 28Dec45; M24707.
Time, Inc. (PWH); 21Dec73; R568206.


R568370.

Paramount news. No. 40. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Jan47;
M1604. Major News Library (PWH); 18Jan74; R568370.


R568471.

The Luckiest guy in the world. By Loew’s, Inc. 2 reels. © 15Jan47; L808.
Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan74; R568471.


R568515.

Stairway to heaven. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 12 reels. ©
31Dec46; L1015. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 21Jan74; R568515.


R568600.

Rio Grande raiders. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 2Sep46;
L592. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan74; R568600.


R568601.

The Crimson ghost. Chap. 7–12. By Republic Productions, Inc. 12 reels. ©
2Sep46; L621. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan74; R568601.


R568602.

Santa Fe uprising. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 24Sep46;
L622. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan74; R568602.


R568603.

The Fabulous Suzanne. By Republic Productions, Inc. 8 reels. © 12Nov46;
L669. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan74; R568603.


R568604.

The Pilgrim lady. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 12Nov46;
L670. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan74; R568604.


R568605.

Out California way. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 12Nov46;
L671. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan74; R568605.


R568606.

Plainsman and the lady. By Republic Productions, Inc. 9 reels. © 2Sep46;
L683. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan74; R568606.


R568607.

Little Iodine. By Comet Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 11Oct46; L802.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan74; R568607.


R568608.

Susie steps out. By Comet Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 13Dec46; L803.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan74; R568608.


R568652.

Paramount news. No. 41. By Paramount Pictures. Inc. 1 reel. © 18Jan47;
M1644. Major News Library; (PWH); 21Jan74; R568652.


R568696.

The Beginning or the end. By Loew’s, Inc. 11 reels. © 21Jan47; L832.
Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 21Jan74; R568696.


R569472.

South of Monterey. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 29Jun46;
L389. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 28Jan74; R569472.


R569473.

Bowery bombshell. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 1Jul46;
L408. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 28Jan74; R569473.


R569474.

Shadows over Chinatown. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
5Jul46; L420. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 28Jan74; R569474.


R569475.

Trail to Mexico. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 11Jul46;
L448. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 28Jan74; R569475.


R569476.

Below the deadline. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
22Jul46; L449. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 28Jan74; R569476.


R569477.

Shadows on the range. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
25Jul46; L502. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 28Jan74; R569477.


R569647.

Easter Yeggs. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 24Dec46; M2202. United
Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569647.


R569648.

Slick hare. By Vitaphone Corporation, 1 reel. © 20Dec46; M2449. United
Artists Television, Inc. (PWH): 30Jan74; R569648.


R569649.

A Feather in his hare. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 17Nov46;
M2707. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569649.


R569727.

Queen of burlesque. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 4Jul46; L418.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569727.


R569728.

Blonde for a day. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 6Jul46; L454.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569728.


R569729.

Down Missouri way. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 1Aug46; L455.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569729.


R569730.

Prairie badmen. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 9Jul46; L479.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569730.


R569731.

Terrors on horseback. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 14Aug46;
L491. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569731.


R569732.

Secrets of a sorority girl. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. ©
15Aug46; L501. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74;
R569732.


R569733.

Overland riders. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 21Aug46; L531.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569733.


R569734.

Mister Ace. By Tivoli Productions, Inc. 9 reels. © 2Aug46; L570.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569734.


R569735.

Outlaw of the plains. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 22Sep46;
L578. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569735.


R569736.

Accomplice. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 12Sep46; L597.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569736.


R569737.

Her sister’s secret. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 12Sep46;
L598. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569737.


R569738.

Driftin’ river. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 1Oct46; L625.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569738.


R569739.

The Brute man. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 13Oct46; L684.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569739.


R569740.

Gashouse kids. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 7Oct46; L685.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569740.


R569741.

Don Ricardo returns. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 5Nov46; L686.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569741.


R569742.

Tumbleweed trail. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 28Oct46; L687.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569742.


R569743.

Wild West. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 1Dec46; L712. National
Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569743.


R569744.

Lady chaser. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 25Nov46; L715.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569744.


R569745.

Stars over Texas. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 18Nov46; L734.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan74; R569745.


R569926.

Paramount news. No. 42. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 22Jan47;
M1645. Major News Library (PWH); 5Feb74; R569926.


R569927.

Paramount news. No. 43. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Jan47;
M1665. Major News Library (PWH); 5Feb74; R569927.


R569928.

Paramount news. No. 44. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 29Jan47;
M1666. Major News Library (PWH); 5Feb74; R569928.


R569929.

Paramount news. No. 45. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Feb47;
M1726. Major News Library (PWH); 5Feb74; R569929.


R570066.

Double danger. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Son of the
guardsman, chap. 11) © 2Jan47; L800. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 7Feb74; R570066.


R570067.

The Secret of the treasure. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels.
(Son of the guardsman, chap. 12) © 9Jan47; L811. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Feb74; R570067.


R570068.

Into the depths. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Son of the
guardsman, chap. 13) © 16Jan47; L824. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 7Feb74; R570068.


R570069.

The Lost heritage. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Son of
the guardsman, chap. 14) © 23Jan47; L834. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 7Feb74; R570069.


R570070.

South of the Chisholm Trail. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels.
© 30Jan47; L837. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Feb74;
R570070.


R570071.

Free men triumph. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Son of the
guardsman, chap. 15) © 30Jan47; L850. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 7Feb74; R570071.


R570072.

The Lone wolf in Mexico. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
16Jan47; L851. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Feb74;
R570072.


R570073.

Half wits holiday. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 9Jan47;
L918. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Feb74; R570073.


R570074.

Loco Lobo. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Jan47; L966. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Feb74; R570074.


R570075.

Fowl brawl. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Jan47; L991. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Feb74; R570075.


R570076.

Meet Mister Mischief. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
23Jan47; L994. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Feb74;
R570076.


R570077.

Community sing. Ser. 11, no. 5. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 23Jan47; M1877. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
7Feb74; R570077.


R570078.

Thrills of music. Ser. 1, no. 5. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 23Jan47; M1918. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
7Feb74; R570078.


R570079.

Polo. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. (The World of sports) ©
30Jan47; M1970. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Feb74;
R570079.


R570080.

Screen snapshots. Ser. 26, no. 5. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 23Jan47; M1974. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
7Feb74; R570080.


R570212.

Arnelo affair. By Loew’s, Inc. 9 reels. © 30Jan47; L816. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Feb74; R570212.


R570213.

What’s your I. Q.? By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. (Early sports quiz, no. 13) ©
29Jan47; M1637. Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Feb74; R570213.


R570310.

Without reservations. 12 reels. © 3Jun46; L433. Jesse L. Lasky
Productions, Inc. (PWH); 11Feb74; R570310.


R570311.

Vacation in Reno. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 16Oct46; L691.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 11Feb74; R570311.


R570312.

Child of divorce. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 30Oct46; L705.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 11Feb74; R570312.


R570313.

The Locket. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 31Dec46; L846. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 11Feb74; R570313.


R570314.

Sinbad the Sailor. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 31Dec46;
L847. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 11Feb74; R570314.


R570315.

Nocturne. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 2Jan47; L866. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 11Feb74; R570315.


R570316.

San Quentin. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 4Dec46; L867. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 11Feb74; R570316.


R570317.

The Falcon’s adventure. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 2Jan47;
L891. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 11Feb74; R570317.


R570389.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 568. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 2Jan47; M1524. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Feb74; R570389.


R570390.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 3. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 14Jan47; M1613. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Feb74; R570390.


R570391.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 4. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 16Jan47; M1614. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Feb74; R570391.


R570392.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 1. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 7Jan47; M1615. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Feb74; R570392.


R570393.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 2. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 9Jan47; M1616. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Feb74; R570393.


R570394.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 5. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 21Jan47; M1796. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Feb74; R570394.


R570395.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 6. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 23Jan47; M1797. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Feb74; R570395.


R570396.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 7. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 28Jan47; M1798. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Feb74; R570396.


R570397.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 8. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 30Jan47; M1799. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Feb74; R570397.


R570398.

Swell guy. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 9 reels. © 18Dec46; L740.
Universal Pictures (PWH); 10Jan74; R570398.


R570399.

Melody maestro. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. © 18Dec46;
L741. Universal Pictures (PWH); 10Jan74; R570399.


R570400.

Tex Beneke and the Glenn Miller Orchestra. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 2 reels. © 18Dec46; L756. Universal Pictures (PWH);
10Jan74; R570400.


R570401.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 559. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 3Dec46; M1450. Universal Pictures (PWH); 10Jan74;
R570401.


R570402.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 560. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 5Dec46; M1451. Universal Pictures (PWH); 10Jan74;
R570402.


R570403.

Jungle gangster. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Dec46;
M1485. Universal Pictures (PWH); 10Jan74; R570403.


R570404.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 561. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 10Dec46; M1488. Universal Pictures (PWH); 10Jan74;
R570404.


R570405.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 562. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 12Dec46; M1489. Universal Pictures (PWH); 10Jan74;
R570405.


R570406.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 563. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 17Dec46; M1490. Universal Pictures (PWH); 10Jan74;
R570406.


R570407.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 564. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 19Dec46; M1491. Universal Pictures (PWH); 10Jan74;
R570407.


R570408.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 565. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 24Dec46; M1521. Universal Pictures (PWH); 10Jan74;
R570408.


R570409.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 566. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 26Dec46; M1522. Universal Pictures (PWH); 10Jan74;
R570409.


R570410.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 567. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 31Dec46; M1523. Universal Pictures (PWH); 10Jan74;
R570410.


R570411.

The Singing barbers. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. ©
9Dec46; M1612. Universal Pictures (PWH); 10Jan74; R570411.


R570412.

Storm warning. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 31Dec46;
M2325. Universal Pictures (PWH); 10Jan74; R570412.


R570415.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 549. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 29Oct46; M1331. Universal Pictures (PWH); 17Jan74;
R570415.


R570416.

So goes my love. 10 reels. © 21Mar46; L456. Skirball Manning
Productions, Inc. (PWH); 11Feb74; R570416.


R570429.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 233. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 1Jan47; M1597. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 11Feb74; R570429.


R570430.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 234. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 3Jan47; M1598. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 11Feb74; R570430.


R570431.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 235. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 8Jan47; M1618. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 11Feb74; R570431.


R570432.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 236. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 10Jan47; M1619. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Feb74; R570432.


R570433.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 237. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 15Jan47; M1659. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Feb74; R570433.


R570434.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 238. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 17Jan47; M1660. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Feb74; R570434.


R570435.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 239. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 22Jan47; M1661. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Feb74; R570435.


R570436.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 240. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 24Jan47; M1662. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Feb74; R570436.


R570437.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 241. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 28Jan47; M1709. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Feb74; R570437.


R570438.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 242. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 31Jan47; M1710. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Feb74; R570438.


R570569.

Night in paradise. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10 reels. ©
11Apr46; L288. Leo A. Gutman, Inc. (PWH); 15Feb74; R570569.


R570570.

Paramount news. No. 47. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 8Feb47;
M1734. Major News Library (PWH); 15Feb74; R570570.


R570571.

Paramount news. No. 48. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 12Feb47;
M1735. Major News Library (PWH); 15Feb74; R570571.


R570573.

Paramount news. No. 46. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 5Feb47;
M1727. Major News Library (PWH); 11Feb74; R570573.


R570574.

Bedelia. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 85 min. © 15Feb47; L829. Raymond
Rohauer (PWH); 20Feb74; R570574.


R570576.

Paramount news. No. 49. By Paramount Pictures. Inc. 1 reel. © 15Feb47;
M1784. Major News Library (PWH); 20Feb74; R570576.


R570577.

Paramount news. No. 50. By Paramount Pictures. Inc. 1 reel. © 19Feb47;
M1785. Major News Library (PWH); 20Feb74; R570577.


R570603.

Cat fishin’. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 12Feb47; L831. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Feb74; R570603.


R570604.

It happened in Brooklyn. By Loew’s, Inc. 11 reels. © 12Feb47; L848.
Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Feb74; R570604.


R570608.

Mighty Mouse in My old Kentucky home. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. ©
29Mar46; L439. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 15Feb74; R570608.


R570609.

Mighty Mouse in The Wicked wolf. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 8Mar46;
L532. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 15Feb74; R570609.


R570610.

Gandy Goose in It’s all in the stars. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. ©
12Apr46; L634. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 15Feb74; R570610.


R570686.

Clown of the jungle. 1 reel. © 31Dec46; L1131. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 4Feb74; R570686.


R571260.

Wanted for murder. 10 reels. © 1Nov46; L727. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 10Jan74; R571260.


R571439.

Undercover Maisie. By Loew’s, Inc. 9 reels. © 20Feb47; L863. Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 25Feb74; R571439.


R571689.

The Man I love. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 11Jan47;
L776. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb74; R571689.


R571690.

Humoresque. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 25Jan47; L793.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb74; R571690.


R571691.

The Beast with five fingers. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels.
© 8Feb47; L819. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb74; R571691.


R571692.

Nora Prentiss. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 11 reels. © 22Feb47;
L845. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb74; R571692.


R571693.

One meat brawl. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 9Jan47; M1548.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb74; R571693.


R571694.

Let’s go swimming. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 25Jan47; M1617.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb74; R571694.


R571695.

Melody of youth. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 27Jan47; M1732.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb74; R571695.


R571696.

Circus horse. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 21Jan47; M2201. United
Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb74; R571696.


R572004.

13 Rue Madeleine. 10 reels. © 15Jan47; L942. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 1Mar74; R572004.


R572005.

Monkey tone news. 1 reel. © 17Jan47; L944. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 1Mar74; R572005.


R572006.

Fantasy of Siam. 1 reel. © 3Jan47; M1642. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 1Mar74; R572006.


R572007.

Michigan Kid. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 8 reels. © 18Feb47;
L877. Universal Pictures (PWH); 1Mar74; R572007.


R572008.

Song of Scheherazade. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 12 reels. ©
18Feb47; L878. Universal Pictures (PWH); 1Mar74; R572008.


R572009.

I’ll be yours. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 93 min. © 18Feb47;
L879. Universal Pictures (PWH); 1Mar74; R572009.


R572010.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 9. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 4Feb47; M1800. Universal Pictures (PWH); 1Mar74; R572010.


R572011.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 10. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 6Feb47; M1801. Universal Pictures (PWH); 1Mar74; R572011.


R572012.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 11. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 11Feb47; M1804. Universal Pictures (PWH); 1Mar74; R572012.


R572013.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 12. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 13Feb47; M1805. Universal Pictures (PWH); 1Mar74; R572013.


R572014.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 13. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 18Feb47; M1806. Universal Pictures (PWH); 1Mar74; R572014.


R572015.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 14. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 20Feb47; M1807. Universal Pictures (PWH); 1Mar74; R572015.


R572016.

Pelican pranks. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Feb47;
M1884. Universal Pictures (PWH); 1Mar74; R572016.


R572017.

Rhumba holiday. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Feb47;
M1885. Universal Pictures (PWH); 1Mar74; R572017.


R572018.

Wild West chimp. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Feb47;
M1886. Universal Pictures (PWH); 1Mar74; R572018.


R572019.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 15. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 25Feb47; M1904. Universal Pictures (PWH); 1Mar74; R572019.


R572020.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 16. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 27Feb47; M1905. Universal Pictures (PWH); 1Mar74; R572020.


R572096.

Neighbor pests. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 26Feb47; L931. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 1Mar74; R572096.


R572097.

Calling on Costa Rica. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 26Feb47; M1795. Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 1Mar74; R572097.


B572099.

Gandy Goose in Peace time football. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. ©
19Jul46; L612. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572099.


R572100.

Mighty Mouse in The Jail break. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 20Sep46:
L613. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572100.


R572101.

Gandy Goose in The Golden hen. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 24May46;
L614. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572101.


R572102.

Mighty Mouse in The Johnstown Flood. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. ©
28Jun46; L615. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572102.


R572103.

Mighty Mouse in The Trojan horse. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 26Jul46;
L616. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572103.


R572104.

The Tortoise wins again. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Aug46: L617.
Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572104.


R572105.

Mighty Mouse in The Electronic mouse trap. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. ©
6Sep46; L618. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572105.


R572106.

Mighty Mouse in Winning the West. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 16Aug46;
L635. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572106.


R572107.

Dinky finds a home. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 7Jun46; L637. Viacom
International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572107.


R572108.

Mighty Mouse in Throwing the bull. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 3May46:
L752. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572108.


R572109.

The Housing problem. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Oct46; L772. Viacom
International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572109.


R572110.

The Snow man. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 11Oct46; L773. Viacom
International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572110.


R572111.

Mighty Mouse in The Crackpot king. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. ©
15Nov46; L814. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572111.


R572112.

Heckle and Jeckle the Talking Magpies in The Uninvited pests. By
Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 29Nov46; L815. Viacom International, Inc.
(PWH); 14Mar74; R572112.


R572113.

Mighty Mouse and the hep cat. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Dec46;
L884. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572113.


R572114.

Beanstalk Jack. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 20Dec46; L885. Viacom
International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572114.


R572115.

Mighty Mouse in Crying “wolf.” By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 10Jan47;
L941. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 14Mar74; R572115.


R572286.

Paramount news. No. 52. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 26Feb47;
M1812. Major News Library (PWH); 5Mar74; R572286.


R572287.

Paramount news. No. 53. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Mar47;
M1823. Major News Library (PWH); 5Mar74; R572287.


R572325.

Mister District Attorney. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. ©
19Feb47; L835. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74;
R572325.


R572326.

Johnny O’Clock. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 10 reels. © 20Feb47;
L836. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74; R572326.


R572327.

Cigarette girl. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 13Feb47;
L852. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74; R572327.


R572328.

Dead reckoning. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 11 reels. © 15Feb47;
L853. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74; R572328.


R572329.

Mystery of the cosmic ray. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 3 reels.
(Jack Armstrong, chap. 1) © 6Feb47; L854. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74; R572329.


R572330.

Blind spot. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 6Feb47; L855.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74; R572330.


R572331.

The Far world. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Jack
Armstrong, chap. no. 2) © 13Feb47; L861. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74; R572331.


R572532.

Island of deception. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Jack
Armstrong, chap. no. 3) © 20Feb47; L875. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74; R572332.


R572333.

Into the chasm. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Jack
Armstrong, chap. no. 4) © 27Feb47; L888. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74; R572333.


R572334.

The Scooper dooper. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
27Feb47; L917. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74;
R572334.


R572335.

Framed. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. © 27Feb47; L929.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74; R572335.


R572336.

The Guilt of Janet Ames. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. ©
20Feb47; L937. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74;
R572336.


R572337.

Cockatoos for two. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 13Feb47; L945.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74; R572337.


R572338.

Over the Santa Fe Trail. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
13Feb47; L947. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74;
R572338.


R572339.

The Uncultured vulture. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Feb47; L952.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74; R572339.


R572340.

Hot heir. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 13Feb47; L972.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74; R572340.


R572341.

Community sing. Ser. 11, no. 6. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 27Feb47; M1878. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
15Mar74; R572341.


R572342.

Thrills of music. Ser. 1, no. 6. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 27Feb47; M1919. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
15Mar74; R572342.


R572343.

Cue tricks. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. (The World of
sports) © 20Feb47; M1981. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
15Mar74; R572343.


R572344.

Behind the mike. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. (Screen
snapshots, ser. 26, no. 6) © 6Feb47; M2349. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar74; R572344.


R572504.

Spook busters. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 24Aug46;
L535. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 8Mar74; R572504.


R572505.

Decoy. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 1Sep46; L546. Allied
Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram Pictures
Corporation (PWH); 3Mar74; R572505.


R572506.

Trigger fingers. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 27Aug46;
L565. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 8Mar74; R572506.


R572657.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 243. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 5Feb47; M1786. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 14Mar74; R572657.


R572658.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 244. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 7Feb47; M1787. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 14Mar74; R572658.


R572659.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 245. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 12Feb47; M1788. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Mar74; R572659.


R572660.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 246. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 14Feb47; M1789. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Mar74; R572660.


R572661.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 247. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 19Feb47; M1922. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Mar74; R572661.


R572662.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 248. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 21Feb47; M1923. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Mar74; R572662.


R572663.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 249. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 26Feb47; M1924. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Mar74; R572663.


R572664.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 250. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 28Feb47; M1925. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Mar74; R572664.


R572724.

Part time pal. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Mar47; L868. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Mar74; R572724.


R572725.

High Barbaree. By Loew’s, Inc. 10 reels. © 6Mar47; L876. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Mar74; R572725.


R572753.

Buffalo Bill rides again. By Jack Schwarz Productions. 8 reels. ©
15Dec46; L874. Tele-Pac, Inc. (PWH); 26Feb74; R572753.


R572754.

Young widow. By Special Pictures, Inc. 11 reels. © 1Mar46; L142.
Tele-Pac, Inc. (PWH); 26Feb74; R572754.


R572755.

Paramount news. No. 51. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 22Feb47;
M1811. Major News Library (PWH); 26Feb74; R572755.


RS72757.

Paramount news. No. 55. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 8Mar47;
M1880. Major News Library (PWH); 13Mar74; R572757.


R572758.

Paramount news. No. 56. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 12Mar47;
M1881. Major News Library (PWH); 13Mar74; R572758.


R573105.

Paramount news. No. 54. By Paramount Pictures. Inc. 1 reel. © 5Mar47;
M1824. Major News Library (PWH); 19Mar74; R573105.


R573106.

Paramount news. No. 57. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Mar47;
M1895. Major News Library (PWH); 19Mar74; R573106.


R573321.

Paramount news. No. 58. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 19Mar47;
M1896. Major News Library (PWH); 1Apr74; R573321.


R573322.

Paramount news. No. 59. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 22Mar47;
M1940. Major News Library (PWH); 1Apr74; R573322.


R573323.

Paramount news. No. 60. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 26Mar47;
M1941. Major News Library (PWH); 1Apr74; R573323.


R573324.

A Scandal in Paris. By Arnold Productions, Inc. 11 reels. © 11Jul46;
L458. Tele-Pac, Inc. (PWH); 26Feb74; R573324.


R573465.

Hound hunters. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Apr47; L932. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr74; R573465.


R573495.

The Brasher doubloon. 8 reels. © 22Feb47; L969. Twentieth Century Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 4Apr74; R573495.


R573496.

Style of the stars. 1 reel. © 7Feb47; M2108. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 4Apr74; R573496.


R573497.

The Island fling. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Mar47; L883.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr74; R573497.


R573498.

That way with women. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. ©
29Mar47; L897. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr74; R573498.


R573499.

Kingdom of the wild. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 5Mar47; M1835.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr74; R573499.


R573500.

A Hare grows in Manhattan. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 8Mar47;
M1836. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr74; R573500.


R573501.

Arrow magic. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. (The Sports parade) ©
15Mar47; M1837. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr74; R573501.


R573502.

Saddle up. By Vitaphone Corporation. 2 reels. © 11Mar47; M1838. United
Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr74; R573502.


R573503.

American sports album. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 27Mar47;
M1930. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr74; R573503.


R573504.

Vaudeville revue. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 31Mar47; M1931.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr74; R573504.


R573666.

The Devil’s playground. By Hopalong Cassidy Productions, Inc. 7 reels. ©
15Nov46; L688. Grace Bradley Boyd, surviving trustee under the
declaration of trust by William L. Boyd & Grace Bradley Boyd dated Jan.
6, 1960 (PWH); 26Mar74; R573666.


R573667.

Fool’s gold. By Hopalong Cassidy Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 31Jan47;
L804. Grace Bradley Boyd, surviving trustee under the declaration of
trust by William L. Boyd & Grace Bradley Boyd dated Jan. 6, 1960 (PWH);
26Mar74; R573667.


R573947.

Donald’s dilemma. 1 reel. © 13Mar47; L1118. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 5Apr74; R573947.


R574027.

Two years before the mast. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. ©
22Nov46; L678. EMKA, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
12Mar74; R574027.


R574028.

Blue skies. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 27Dec46; L758. EMKA,
division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 12Mar74; R574028.


R574029.

Cross my heart. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 10Jan47; L774.
EMKA, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 12Mar74; R574029.


R574030.

Ladies man. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 7Jan47; L823. EMKA,
division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 12Mar74; R574030.


R574031.

California. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 11 reels. © 21Feb47; L860. EMKA,
division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 12Mar74; R574031.


R574032.

Easy come, easy go. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 31Jan47;
L862. EMKA, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 12Mar74;
R574032.


R574033.

Suddenly it’s spring. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 13Feb47;
L890. EMKA, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 12Mar74;
R574033.


R574034.

Blaze of noon. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 3Mar47; L985.
EMKA, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 12Mar74; R574034.


R574037.

Buck privates come home. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. & C. S.
Company. 8 reels. © 25Mar47; L926. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Apr74;
R574037.


R574038.

Red fury. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. (The Answer man
series) © 25Mar47; M1902. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Apr74; R574038.


R574039.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 17. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 4Mar47; M1906. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Apr74; R574039.


R574040.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 18. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 6Mar47; M1907. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Apr74; R574040.


R574041.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 19. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 11Mar47; M1908. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Apr74; R574041.


R574042.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 20. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 13Mar47; M1909. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Apr74; R574042.


R574043.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 21. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 18Mar47; M1910. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Apr74; R574043.


R574044.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 22. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 20Mar47; M1911. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Apr74; R574044.


R574045.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 23. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 25Mar47; M1995. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Apr74; R574045.


R574046.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 24. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 27Mar47; M1996. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Apr74; R574046.


R574060.

High school hero. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 8Sep46;
L547. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Apr74; R574060.


R574061.

Dangerous money. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 29Sep46;
L656. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Apr74; R574061.


R574062.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 251. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 5Mar47; M1926. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5Apr74; R574062.


R574063.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 252. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 7Mar47; M1927. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5Apr74; R574063.


R574064.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 253. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 12Mar47; M1928. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5Apr74; R574064.


R574065.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 254. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 14Mar47; M1929. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5Apr74; R574065.


R574066.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 255. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 19Mar47; M2042. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5Apr74; R574066.


R574067.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 256. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 21Mar47; M2043. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5Apr74; R574067.


R574068.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 257. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 26Mar47; M2044. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5Apr74; R574068.


R574069.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 258. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 28Mar47; M2045. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5Apr74; R574069.


R574195.

Paramount news. No. 61. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 29Mar47;
M1967. Major News Library (PWH); 11Apr74; R574195.


R574196.

Paramount news. No. 62. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Apr47;
M1968. Major News Library (PWH); 11Apr74; R574196.


R574197.

Paramount news. No. 63. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 5Apr47;
M1976. Major News Library (PWH); 11Apr74; R574197.


R574198.

Paramount news. No. 64. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Apr47;
M1977. Major News Library (PWH); 11Apr74; R574198.


R574263.

I love my wife but! By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 8Apr47; L948. Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Apr74; R574263.


R574264.

The Cat concerto. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 10Apr47; L962. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Apr74; R574264.


R574816.

Beware of pity. By Two Cities Films, Ltd. © 22Jul46; L127. Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 6Aug73; R574816.


R574817.

Men of two worlds. By Two Cities Films, Ltd. © 9Sep46; L126. Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 21Jan74; R574817.


R574818.

Theirs is the glory. By General Film Distributors, Ltd. © 14Oct46; L128.
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 21Jan74; R574818.


R574819.

Carnival. By Two Cities Films, Ltd. © 2Dec46; L129. Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 21Jan74; R574819.


R574863.

Pastorale. By Donn Marvin. 1 reel. © 24Apr46; M592. Donn Marvin (A);
15Apr74; R574863.


R574865.

The Best years of our lives; photoplay. By Samuel Goldwyn Productions,
Inc. 18 reels. © 22Nov46; L787. Samuel Goldwyn Productions (PWH);
15Apr74; R574865.


R574866.

The Best years of our lives; photoplay. By Samuel Goldwyn Productions,
Inc. 18 reels. © 22Nov46; L787. Samuel Goldwyn Productions (PCW);
15Apr74; R574866.


R574924.

Paramount news. No. 65. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 12Apr47;
M1989. Major News Library (PWH); 17Apr74; R574924.


R574925.

Paramount news. No. 66. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 16Apr47;
M1990. Major News Library (PWH); 17Apr74; R574925.


R574926.

A Night in Casablanca. By Loma Vista Films, Inc. 81 min. © 10May46;
L364. Gummo Marx, surviving trustee under indenture of trust dated May
1, 1967 (PWH); 19Apr74; R574926.


R575036.

Bedelia. By Isadore Goldsmith. 10 reels. © 24May46; LF124. Raymond
Rohauer (PWH); 11Feb74; R575036.


R575365.

Unexpected guest. By Hopalong Cassidy Productions, Inc. 6 reels. ©
28Mar47; L898. Grace Bradley Boyd, surviving trustee under the
declaration of trust by William L. Boyd & Grace Bradley Boyd dated Jan
6, 1960 (PWH); 30Apr74; R575365.


R575366.

Paramount news. No. 67. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 19Apr47;
M2006. Major News Library (PWH); 30Apr74; R575366.


R575367.

Paramount news. No. 68. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 23Apr47;
M2007. Major News Library (PWH); 30Apr74; R575367.


R575614.

Blondie’s big moment; a motion picture photoplay. By Columbia Pictures
Corporation. 7 reels. © 9Jan47; L812. King Features Syndicate, a
division of the Hearst Corporation (PWH); 6May74; R575614.


R575615.

Blondie’s holiday; a motion picture photoplay. By Columbia Pictures
Corporation. 7 reels. © 7Apr47; L913. King Features Syndicate, a
division of the Hearst Corporation (PWH); 6May74; R575615.


R575630.

Trail Street. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 15Mar47; L920. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 3May74; R575630.


R575631.

Beat the band. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 14Feb47; L921. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 3May74; R575631.


R575632.

The Devil thumbs a ride. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 1Mar47;
L924. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 3May74; R575632.


R575633.

Code of the West. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 12Feb47; L925.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 3May74; R575633.


R575634.

Banjo. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 23Apr47; L987. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 3May74; R575634.


R575635.

Born to kill. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 19Apr47; L988. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 3May74; R575635.


R575636.

A Likely story. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 30Apr47; L1068.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 3May74; R575636.


R576592.

Stallion road. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 12Apr47;
L933. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10May74; R576592.


R576593.

A Boy and his dog. By Vitaphone Corporation. 2 reels. © 22Apr47; L961.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10May74; R576593.


R576594.

Abusement park. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Apr47; L1006.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10May74; R576594.


R576595.

Love and learn. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 3May47;
L1010. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10May74; R576595.


R576596.

Scent - imental over you. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. ©
3Apr47; M1934. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10May74; R576596.


R576597.

Birth of a notion. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 4Apr47;
M1960. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10May74; R576597.


R576618.

Pursued. By Hemisphere Films, Inc. 11 reels. © 8Mar47; L1108. Richard
Feiner and Company, Inc. (PWH); 10May74; R576618.


R576619.

Paramount news. No. 69. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 26Apr47;
M2038. Major News Library (PWH); 10May74; R576619.


R576620.

Paramount news. No. 70. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Apr47;
M2039. Major News Library (PWH); 10May74; R576620.


R576621.

Paramount news. No. 71. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 3May47;
M2070. Major News Library (PWH); 10May74; R576621.


R576622.

Paramount news. No. 72. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 7May47;
M2071. Major News Library (PWH); 10May74; R576622.


R576809.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 259. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 2Apr47; M2046. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 10May74; R576809.


R576810.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 260. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 4Apr47; M2047. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 10May74; R576810.


R576811.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 261. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 8Apr47; M2048. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 10May74; R576811.


R576812.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 262. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 11Apr47; M2049. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10May74; R576812.


R576813.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 263. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 16Apr47; M2050. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10May74; R576813.


R576814.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 264. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 18Apr47; M2051. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10May74; R576814.


R576815.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 265. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 23Apr47; M2066. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10May74; R576815.


R576816.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 266. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 25Apr47; M2067. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10May74; R576816.


R576817.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 267. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 30Apr47; M2068. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10May74; R576817.


R577226.

Cynthia. By Loew’s, Inc. 10 reels. © 14May47; L1011. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17May74; R577226.


R577227.

Dark delusion. By Loew’s, Inc. 9 reels. © 14May47; L1012. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17May74; R577227.


R577228.

The Romance of Rosy Ridge. By Loew’s, Inc. 11 reels. © 14May47; L1019.
Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17May74; R577228.


R577229.

Red hot rangers. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 14May47; L1027. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17May74; R577229.


R577329.

Paramount news. No. 73. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 10May47;
M2085. Major News Library (PWH); 16May74; R577329.


R577330.

Paramount news. No. 74. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 14May47;
M2086. Major News Library (PWH); 16May74; R577330.


R577411.

Wife wanted. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 14Oct46; L639.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram Pictures
Corporation (PWH); 20May74; R577411.


R577412.

Beauty and the bandit. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. ©
28Oct46; L654. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 20May74; R577412.


R577413.

Bringing up father. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. ©
27Oct46; L657. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 20May74; R577413.


R577414.

Gentleman Joe Palooka. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. ©
14Oct46; L660. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 20May74; R577414.


R577415.

Silver range. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 14Oct46;
L675. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 20May74; R577415.


R577416.

Song of the Sierras. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
11Oct46; L709. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 20May74; R577416.


R577485.

Crazy with the heat. 1 reel. © 8Apr47; L1121. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 3May74; R577485.


R577486.

Mickey’s delayed date. 1 reel. © 24Apr47; L1372. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 3May74; R577486.


R577487.

Bootle Beetle. 1 reel. © 11Apr47; L1374. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
3May74; R577487.


R577488.

Wide open spaces. 1 reel. © 24Apr47; L1375. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 3May74; R577488.


R577489.

Fun and fancy free. 6,771 feet. © 23Apr47; L1427. Walt Disney
Productions (PWH); 3May74; R577489.


R577558.

The Space ship. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Jack
Armstrong, chap. no. 5) © 6Mar47; L896. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 31May74; R577558.


R577559.

Millie’s daughter. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 20Mar47;
L911. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 31May74; R577559.


R577560.

King of the wild horses. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
27Mar47; L912. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 31May74;
R577560.


R577561.

The Lone hand Texan. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
6Mar47; L914. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 31May74;
R577561.


R577562.

Tunnels of treachery. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Jack
Armstrong, chap. no. 6) © 13Mar47; L916. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 31May74; R577562.


R577563.

Bride and gloom. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 27Mar47;
L919. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 31May74; R577563.


R577564.

The Thirteenth hour. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
6Mar47; L927. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 31May74;
R577564.


R577565.

The Good bad egg. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 20Mar47;
L928. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 31May74; R577565.


R577566.

West of Dodge City. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
27Mar47; L930. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 31May74;
R577566.


R577567.

Cavern of chance. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Jack
Armstrong, chap. no. 7) © 20Mar47; L936. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 31May74; R577567.


R577568.

The Secret room. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Jack
Armstrong, chap. no. 8) © 27Mar47; L954. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 31May74; R577568.


R577569.

Fright night. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 6Mar47; L959.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 31May74; R577569.


R577570.

Wacky Quacky. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 20Mar47; L964. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 31May74; R577570.


R577571.

Big house blues. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Mar47; L965. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 31May74; R577571.


R577572.

Tennis wizards. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. (The World of
sports) © 20Mar47; M1876. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
31May74; R577572.


R577573.

Community sing. Ser. 11, no. 7. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. ©
13Mar47; M1879. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 31May74;
R577573.


R577574.

Thrills of music. Ser. 1, no. 7. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. ©
27Mar47; M1893. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 31May74;
R577574.


R577575.

Holiday in Las Vegas. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. (Screen
snapshots, ser. 26, no. 7) © 13Mar47; M1942. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 31May74; R577575.


R577598.

Around the world in California. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 8May47; M2065.
Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10May74; R577598.


R577971.

The Bachelor’s daughters. By Andrew Stone Enterprises. 10 reels. ©
6Sep46; L655. Film Archives Company (PWH); 30May74; R577971.


R577972.

Fun on a weekend. By Andrew Stone Enterprises, Inc. 10 reels. © 14Mar47;
L1001. Film Archives Company (PWH); 30May74; R577972.


R578231.

Notorious. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 15Aug46; L557.
American Broadcasting Companies, Inc. (PWH); 3Jun74; R578231.


R578232.

Duel in the sun. By Vanguard Films, Inc. 15 reels. © 31Dec46; L982.
American Broadcasting Companies, Inc. (PWH); 3Jun74; R578232.


R578233.

The Farmer’s daughter. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 97 min. © 25Mar47;
L995. American Broadcasting Companies, Inc. (PWH); 3Jun74; R578233.


R578285.

The Brothers. By General Film Distributors, Ltd. 8,070 ft. © 19Mar47;
L670. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 7May74; R578285.


R578286.

Snowbound. By Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. 7,643 ft. © 17Apr47; L671.
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 7May74; R578286.


R578287.

Odd man out. By General Film Distributors, Ltd. 13 reels. © 11Apr47;
L1016. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 7May74; R578287.


R578288.

Great expectations. By General Film Distributors, Ltd. 13 reels. ©
11Apr47; L1017. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 7May74; R578288.


R578349.

Flying sportsman in Jamaica. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. ©
17May47; M2056. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 30May74; R578349.


R578350.

Tweetie pie. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 21May47; M2055.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 30May74; R578350.


R578351.

Harness racing. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 2May47; M2053.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 30May74; R578351.


R578352.

The Two Mrs. Carrolls. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 11 reels. ©
24May47; L1020. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 30May74; R578352.


R578358.

Smoked hams. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. & Walter Lantz
Productions. 7 min. © 1Apr47; M2183. Universal Pictures & Walter Lantz
Productions (PWH); 5Jun74; R578358.


R578359.

Let’s sing a college song. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. ©
1Apr47; M2182. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578359.


R578360.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 42. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 29May47; M2171. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578360.


R578361.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 41. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 27May47; M2170. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578361.


R578362.

Patio museum. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 27May47;
M2129. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578362.


R578363.

Bronco babes. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 27May47;
M2128. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578363.


R578364.

Let’s sing a western song. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. ©
27May47; M2127. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578364.


R578365.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 40. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 22May47; M2106. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578365.


R578366.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 39. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 20May47; M2105. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578366.


R578367.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 38. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 15May47; M2104. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578367.


R578368.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 37. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 13May47; M2103. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578368.


R578369.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 36. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 8May47; M2102. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578369.


R578370.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 35. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 6May47; M2101. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578370.


R578371.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 34. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 1May47; M2100. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578371.


R578372.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 33. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 29Apr47; M2099. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578372.


R578373.

Musical moments from Chopin. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. &
Walter Lantz Productions. 1 reel. © 1Apr47; M2098. Universal Pictures &
Walter Lantz Productions (PWH); 5Jun74; R578373.


R578374.

The Coo coo bird. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. & Walter Lantz
Productions. 1 reel. © 1Apr47; M2097. Universal Pictures & Walter Lantz
Productions (PWH); 5Jun74; R578374.


R578375.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 32. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 24Apr47; M2062. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578375.


R578376.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 31. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 22Apr47; M2061. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578376.


R578377.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 30. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 17Apr47; M2060. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578377.


R578378.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 29. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 15Apr47; M2059. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578378.


R578379.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 28. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 10Apr47; M2058. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578379.


R578380.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 27. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 8Apr47; M2057. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578380.


R578381.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 26. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 3Apr47; M1998. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578381.


R578382.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 25. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 1Apr47; M1997. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578382.


R578383.

Welcome stranger. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 11 reels. © 9May47; L1172.
EMKA, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 5Jun74; R578383.


R578384.

Record party. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. © 27May47;
L1048. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578384.


R578385.

Charlie Spivak and his orchestra. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2
reels. © 1Apr47; L1043. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578385.


R578386.

Charlie Barnet and his orchestra. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2
reels. © 1Apr47; L1042. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578386.


R578387.

Tommy Tucker and his orchestra. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2
reels. © 1Apr47; L1041. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578387.


R578388.

The Egg and I. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 12 reels. © 1Apr47;
L1040. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578388.


R578389.

Jitterumba. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. © 1Apr47;
L1039. Universal Pictures (PWH); 5Jun74; R578389.


R578390.

Calcutta. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 30May47; L1026. EMKA,
division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 5Jun74; R578390.


R578391.

Desert fury. By Hal Wallis Productions, Inc. 10 reels. © 15May47; L998.
EMKA, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 5Jun74; R578391.


R578392.

Imperfect lady. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 6Mar47; L984.
EMKA, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 5Jun74; R578392.


R578395.

Hard boiled Mahoney. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
28Mar47; L939. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 31May74; R578395.


R578396.

Mister Hex. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 7Dec46; L749.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram Pictures
Corporation (PWH); 31May74; R578396.


R578416.

Paramount news. No. 76. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 21May47;
M2110. Major News Library (PWH); 29May74; R578416.


R578417.

Paramount news. No. 75. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 17May47;
M2109. Major News Library (PWH); 29May74; R578417.


R578418.

Dangerous venture. By Hopalong Cassidy Productions, Inc. 6 reels. ©
23May47; L1013. Grace Bradley Boyd, surviving trustee under the
Declaration of Trust by William L. Boyd and Grace Bradley Boyd (PWH);
29May74; R578418.


R578420.

Goofy golf. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. (The World of
sports) © 24Apr47; M2091. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
4Jun74; R578420.


R578421.

Community sing. Ser. 11, no. 8. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 17Apr47; M1992. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
4Jun74; R578421.


R578422.

Screen snapshots. Ser. 26, no. 8. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 10Apr47; M1944. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
4Jun74; R578422.


R578423.

Law of the canyon. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 24Apr47;
L1045. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Jun74; R578423.


R578424.

The Grotto of greed. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Jack
Armstrong, chap. no. 12) © 24Apr47; L1002. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 4Jun74; R578424.


R578425.

Cosmic annihilator. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Jack
Armstrong, chap. no. 11) © 17Apr47; L992. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 4Jun74; R578425.


R578426.

Cupid goes nuts. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 14Apr47;
L978. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Jun74; R578426.


R578427.

Battle of the warriors. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Jack
Armstrong, chap. no. 10) © 10Apr47; L977. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 4Jun74; R578427.


R578428.

Out West. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 24Apr47; L958.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Jun74; R578428.


R578429.

Human targets. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Jack
Armstrong, chap. no. 9) © 3Apr47; L957. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 4Jun74; R578429.


R578430.

Two Jills and a Jack. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
14Apr47; L946. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Jun74;
R578430.


R578431.

Bulldog Drummond at bay. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
7Apr47; L910. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Jun74; R578431.


R578549.

Mail dog. 1 reel. © 6May47; L1371. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
3Jun74; R578549.


R578550.

Foul hunting. 1 reel. © 7May47; L1373. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
3Jun74; R578550.


R578551.

The Big wash. 1 reel. © 21May47; L1422. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
3Jun74; R578551.


R578604.

Dear murderer. By Gainsborough Pictures (1928), Ltd. © 5Jun47; L411.
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 6Jun74; R578604.


R578605.

A Lady surrenders. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 11 reels. ©
11Dec47 (in notice: 1946); L1980. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH);
6Jun74; R578605.


R578731.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 268. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 2May47; M2069. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 10Jun74; R578731.


R578732.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 269. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 7May47; M2121. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 10Jun74; R578732.


R578733.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 270. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 9May47; M2122. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 10Jun74; R578733.


R578734.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 271. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 14May47; M2123. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Jun74; R578734.


R578735.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 272. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 16May47; M2124. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Jun74; R578735.


R578736.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 273. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 21May47; M2125. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Jun74; R578736.


R578737.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 274. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 23May47; M2126. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Jun74; R578737.


R578738.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 275. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 28May47; M2203. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Jun74; R578738.


R578739.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 276. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 30May47; M2204. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Jun74; R578739.


R578896.

Journey into space. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Jack
Armstrong, chap. no. 14) © 8May47; L1022. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74; R578896.


R578897.

For the love of Rusty. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
1May47; L1030. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74;
R578897.


R578898.

Retribution. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Jack Armstrong,
chap. no. 15) © 15May47; L1035. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 11Jun74; R578898.


R578899.

Prairie raiders. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 29May47;
L1037. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74; R578899.


R578900.

The Millerson case. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. ©
29May47; L1049. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74;
R578900.


R578901.

Training for trouble. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
14May47; L1078. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74;
R578901.


R578902.

Hold that lion! By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 22May47;
L1079. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74; R578902.


R578903.

The Vigilante rides again. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 3 reels.
(The Vigilante, chap. no. 1) © 22May47; L1265. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74; R578903.


R578904.

Mystery of the white horses. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels.
(The Vigilante, chap. no. 2) © 29May47; L1266. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74; R578904.


R578905.

Screen snapshots. Ser. 26, no. 9. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 1May47; M2031. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
11Jun74; R578905.


R578906.

Thrills of music. Ser. 1, no. 8. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. ©
22May47; M2074. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74;
R578906.


R578907.

Community sing. Ser. 11, no. 9. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. ©
22May47; M2160. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74;
R578907.


R578908.

Grappling groaners. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. © 29May47;
M2166. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74; R578908.


R578942.

Doctor Jekyll and Mister Mouse. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Jun47; L1038.
Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Jun74; R578942.


R578943.

Living in a big way. By Loew’s, Inc. 11 reels. © 7Jun47; L1063. Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Jun74; R578943.


R578944.

Fiesta. By Loew’s, Inc. 11 reels. © 11Jun47; L1099. Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc. (PWH); 17Jun74; R578944.


R578945.

On the shores of Nova Scotia. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 11Jun47; M2200.
Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Jun74; R578945.


R579136.

Paramount news. No. 79. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 31May47;
M2141. Major News Library (PWH); 17Jun74; R579136.


R579137.

Paramount news. No. 80. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Jun47;
M2142. Major News Library (PWH); 17Jun74; R579137.


R579138.

Paramount news. No. 81. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 7Jun47;
M2156. Major News Library (PWH); 17Jun74; R579138.


R579139.

Paramount news. No. 82. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 11Jun47;
M2157. Major News Library (PWH); 17Jun74; R579139.


R579724.

Paramount news. No. 84. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Jun47;
M2162. Major News Library (PWH); 20Jun74; R579724.


R579725.

Paramount news. No. 83. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 14Jun47;
M2161. Major News Library (PWH); 20Jun74; R579725.


R579842.

Rainbow over the Rockies. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
11Nov46; L694. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 24Jun74; R579842.


R579843.

The Trap. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 26Nov46; L728.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram Pictures
Corporation (PWH); 24Jun74; R579843.


R579895.

Paramount news. No. 85. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 21Jun47;
M2190. Major News Library (PWH); 25Jun74; R579895.


R579896.

Paramount news. No. 86. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Jun47;
M2191. Major News Library (PWH); 27Jun74; R579896.


R579955.

Pet peeves. By Loew’s, Inc. 9 min. © 17Jun47; L1156. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Jun74; R579955.


R579967.

Mighty Mouse in the Dead end cats. By TerryToons, Inc. 1 reel. ©
14Feb47; L953. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74; R579967.


R579968.

Heckle and Jeckle, the talking magpies, in McDougal’s Rest Farm. By
TerryToons, Inc. 1 reel. © 31Jan47; L970. Viacom International, Inc.
(PWH); 8Ju174; R579968.


R579969.

Gandy Goose in Mexican baseball. By TerryToons, Inc. 1 reel. © 14Mar47;
L1023. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74; R579969.


R579970.

Heckle and Jeckle, the talking magpies, in Happy go lucky. By
TerryToons, Inc. 1 reel. © 28Feb47; L1054. Viacom International, Inc.
(PWH); 8Jul74; R579970.


R579971.

Mighty Mouse in Aladdin’s lamp. By TerryToons, Inc. 1 reel. © 28Mar47;
L1059. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74; R579971.


R579972.

The Talking magpies in The Intruders. By TerryToons, Inc. 7 min. ©
9May47; L1182. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74; R579972.


R579973.

Heckle and Jeckle, the talking magpies, in Cat trouble. By TerryToons,
Inc. 1 reel. © 11Apr47; L1183. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74;
R579973.


R579974.

Mighty Mouse in The Sky is falling. By TerryToons, Inc. 1 reel. ©
25Apr47; L1184. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74; R579974.


R579975.

Mighty Mouse meets Deadeye Dick. By TerryToons, Inc. 1 reel. © 30May47;
L1203. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74; R579975.


                      ★ U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1974 O-564-506




                      Catalog of Copyright Entries

                             _Third Series_


                                                          ISSN 0090–8371

              Catalog of Copyright Entries: _Third Series_

                    Volume 28, Parts 12–13, Number 2




                            Motion Pictures

                             July-December

                                  1974


[Illustration: ★ THE ★ LIBRARY ★ OF ★ CONGRESS ★]

               COPYRIGHT OFFICE · THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
                            WASHINGTON: 1974

  Library of Congress card no. 6–35347.

  This number identifies the Library of Congress printed card for the
  complete series of the _Catalog of Copyright Entries_.

  ISSN 0090–8371 Key title: Catalog of copyright entries. Third series.
  Parts 12–13. Motion pictures.

  For sale by the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government Printing
  Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Price of this part is given on page
  vi.




                                Preface


The CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES is published by authority of sections
210 and 211 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_. Section 210
provides in part: “The current catalog of copyright entries and the
index volumes herein provided for shall be admitted in any court as
prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein as regards any
copyright registration.”

Orders, payable in advance, for all parts of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_ should be sent to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S.
Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Orders may be placed
for individual issues, as subscriptions for one or more parts, or for
the complete _Catalog_, for periods of one, two, or three years. All
orders should state clearly the title and the inclusive dates of the
part wanted; checks or money orders should be made payable to the
Superintendent of Documents.

The Copyright Office welcomes inquiries, suggestions, and comments on
the content and organization of the _Catalog_. Such communications
should be addressed to the Chief of the Cataloging Division, Copyright
Office, Library of Congress, Washington D.C. 20559.

The record of each copyright registration listed in the _Catalog_
includes a description of the work copyrighted and data relating to the
copyright claim (the name of the copyright claimant as given in the
application for registration, the copyright date, the copyright
registration number, etc.). For each registration listed, except for
renewals, there has been deposited a copy or copies of the work in
accordance with the provisions contained in sections 12, 13, 14, or 215
of Title 17 of the _United States Code_.

Each part listed in the following table records registrations in the
class or classes indicated by the alphabetical symbols. The second and
third letters, if any, that follow the initial letter are added by the
Copyright Office for the purpose of statistical analysis. Their
significance is as follows:

 F  Published foreign works. In the case of books and periodicals, it
      designates works manufactured outside the United States (except
      those registered for ad interim copyright). In all other classes
      to which it applies, it designates works first published outside
      the United States, the authors of which are neither citizens nor
      domiciliaries of the United States. (AF, EF)

 I  Books and periodicals registered for ad interim copyright. (AI, BI)

 O  Published works of foreign origin registered under the waiver-of-fee
      provision (section 215 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_).
      (BIO, GFO)

 P  Domestic published works in classes for which registration is
      possible for either published or unpublished works. (EP, JP)

 U  Unpublished works in classes for which registration is possible for
      either published or unpublished works. (DU, EU)




                                                              _Price per
                                                              semiannual
                                                                issue_

   Part 1    Books and Pamphlets, Including Serials and
               Contributions to Periodicals                       $10.00

      A      Books

     BB      Contributions to periodicals

      R      Renewal registrations


   Part 2    Periodicals       (Annual issue)                       6.00

      B      Periodicals

      R      Renewal registrations


  Parts 3–4  Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral Delivery            3.00

      C      Lectures and other works prepared for oral
               delivery

      D      Dramatic or dramatico-musical works

      R      Renewal registrations


   Part 5    Music                                                 10.00

                       E      Musical compositions
                      R      Renewal registrations


   Part 6    Maps and Atlases                                       3.00

      F      Maps

      R      Renewal registrations


 Parts 7–11A Works of Art, Reproductions of Works of Art,
               Scientific and Technical Drawings,
               Photographic Works, Prints and Pictorial
               Illustrations                                       $3.00

      G      Works of art and models or designs for works of
               art

      H      Reproductions of works of art

      I      Drawings or sculptural works of a scientific or
               technical character

      J      Photographs

      K      Prints and pictorial illustrations

      R      Renewal registrations


  Part 11B   Commercial Prints and Labels          (Annual
               issue)                                               5.00

     KK      Commercial prints and labels

      R      Renewal registrations


 Parts 12–13 Motion Pictures                                        3.00

      L      Motion-picture photoplays

      M      Motion pictures other than photoplays

      R      Renewal registrations


   Part 14   Sound recordings                                       5.00

      N      Sound recordings

  Subscription price: Complete _Catalog_ for the year $75.00; $18.75
  additional for foreign mailing. Orders, accompanied by remittances,
  should be addressed to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S.
  Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402.




                           Table of Contents


                                             Page
                       Index                   95
                       Current Registrations  121
                       Renewal Registrations  153




                              Introduction


Parts 12–13 list all registrations made in classes L and M for the
period covered by this issue. An index of names and titles associated
with the work is followed by the main entries, listed in order by
registration number. Filing of the index is letter by letter, except in
the case of inverted names which are filed up to the comma or
parenthesis, after which letter by letter filing is resumed. Entries
beginning with numbers which are not spelled out are filed at the end in
numerical sequence.

The main entries include, when applicable, the following information
derived from the work and application.

   1) Title, followed by subtitle and/or descriptive statements. The
        authorship of the work is included in this statement, with the
        nature of authorship (if available).

   2) Edition statement.

   3) Country of publication for works registered as foreign or as ad
        interim works.

   4) Label name and number for registered sound recordings.

   5) Physical description of the deposit.

   6) Series statement.

   7) Additional titles associated with the registered work such as
        variant titles, alternative titles, translated titles, etc.

   8) Notes; information is given here which serves to supplement the
        data that is given elsewhere in the entry in order to describe a
        work more accurately or identify it more explicitly.

   9) Statement that the registered work is published in or as part of
        another work, or is bound with another independent work.

  10) Names of authors given in the application which do not appear
        elsewhere in the entry.

  11) Statement of those materials contained in the registered work on
        which copyright is not claimed, when so stated in the
        application.

  12) Information contained in the application which relates to the
        registration of an earlier version of the work.

  13) Brief statement of the new matter on which copyright is claimed
        when so stated in the application.

  14) Copyright symbol © or Ⓟ.

  15) A statement of limitation of claim if the application or notice on
        the work explicitly limits the claim.

  16) Name of the copyright claimant.

  17) Date of publication for published works; for unpublished works the
        date on which the last of all items required to complete
        registration

      was received in the Copyright Office.

  18) Registration number.

For published works, whenever it is necessary to indicate a variation
between the information given in the application and in the copy of the
work with respect to the claimant’s name or the date of publication, the
data from the application is given first, followed by the phrase “in
notice” and the data given in the work; e.g., © John Doe; 11Jan74 (in
notice: 1973).

For renewal registrations the original date of publication and
registration number precede the name of the claimant of the renewal
registration. Following the name of the renewal claimant is a statement
in parentheses, usually abbreviated, giving the basis of the renewal
claim as supplied by the application; e.g., “John Doe (A)” indicates
that John Doe has made renewal claim as author.

Works deposited in connection with current copyright registrations may
be selected for inclusion in the collections of the Library of Congress.
Library of Congress printed cards are available for many of the
published works so selected. Orders for such cards or inquiries
concerning them should be addressed to the Catalog Distribution Service
Division, Building No. 159, Navy Yard Annex, Washington, D.C., 20541.




                    Registrations July-December 1974


 Class L—  Domestic published motion-picture photoplays              345

           Foreign published motion-picture photoplays                51

           Unpublished motion-picture photoplays                       5

 Class M—  Domestic published motion pictures other than
             photoplays                                              585

           Foreign published motion pictures other than
             photoplays                                                1

           Unpublished motion pictures other than photoplays         161

                                                                   —————

                             Total                                 1,148

 Renewals: Classes L and M                                           510

These figures represent the number of registrations for motion pictures
for July-December 1974, but do not necessarily represent the exact
number of entries in this issue of the _Catalog of Copyright Entries_.
Registration figures for other classes of material may be found in the
respective parts.




                       Abbreviations and Symbols


The following list includes abbreviations and symbols used in this
catalog with specific copyright or bibliographic meanings.

 (A)               author(s)

 a.a.d.o.          accepted alternative designation of

 a.k.a.            also known as

 acc.              accompaniment

 Adm.c.t.a.        Administrator(s) cum testamento annexo

 Adm.d.b.n.c.t.a.  Administrator(s) de bonis non cum testamento annexo

 appl.             application

 approx.           approximate, approximately

 arr.              arranged, arrangement, arranged by

 Aufl.             Auflage

 augm.             augmented

 Ausg.             Ausgabe

 b&w               black and white

 Bd.               Band (German)

 bearb.            bearbeitet

 ©                 copyright symbol

 (C)               child or children of the deceased author

 ca.               circa

 chap.             chapter(s)

 col.              colored

 comp.             compiler

 d.b.a.            doing business as

 (E)               executor(s) of the author

 ed.               edition, editor

 enl.              enlarged

 fr.               frames

 ft.               feet

 hrsg.             herausgegeben

 illus.            illustration(s)

 m.                music, music by

 min.              minutes

 mm.               millimeters

 (NK)              next of kin of the deceased author

 NM                new matter

 no.               number(s)

 nouv.             nouveau, nouvelle

 op.               opus

 p.                page(s)

 Ⓟ                 copyright symbol for sound recordings

 (PCB)             proprietor of copyright in a work copyrighted by a
                     corporate body otherwise than as assignee or
                     licensee of the individual author

 (PCW)             proprietor of copyright in a composite work

 (PPW)             proprietor of copyright in a posthumous work

 (PWH)             proprietor of copyright in a work made for hire

 prev.             previous, previously

 print.            printing

 priv. print.      privately printed

 pseud.            pseudonym

 pt.               part, parts

 pty.              proprietary

 pub.              published, publishing

 R, (R)            renewal registration

 reg.              registered, registration

 rev.              revised

 s.                side(s)

 sd.               sound

 sec.              seconds

 ser.              series

 si.               silent

 suppl.            supplement

 t.                tome, tomo

 T., Th.           Teil, Theil

 t.a.              trading as

 ti.               title(s)

 t.p.              title page

 tr.               translator

 v., vol.          volume, volumes

 w.                 words, words by

 (W)               widow of the author

 (Wr)              widower of the author




                            MOTION PICTURES
                                 INDEX


An index of distinctive titles and names given in the entries listed in
the current and renewal sections of this issue. Below each index term is
the registration number under which the main entry is to be found.
References from varying forms of names are interfiled.


                                   A

 ABBA Productions.
   MP25809.

 Abdication.
   LP43913.

 About animals.
   LP43922 - LP43927.

 About apples.
   MP25639.

 About series.
   MP25639.

 Academy Pictures Corporation.
   LP43734.

 Accident investigation.
   MP25721.
   MP25722.

 ACI Films, Inc.
   MP25509 - MP25512.
   MP25615.

 Acrobat.
   LP43912.

 Adams, T. M.
   MP25514 - MP25528.

 Adolescent responsibilities: Craig and Mark.
   MP25907.

 Adults only.
   LP43799.

 Advanced network design techniques.
   MP25949.

 Adventure in Venice.
   MP25904.

 Adventure of early childhood education.
   MP25531.

 The Adventures of Don Coyote.
   R582742.

 The Adventures of Nick Carter.
   LP43713.

 Adventuress.
   R580646.

 A.F.M. Productions, Ltd.
   LF193.

 Africa next door.
   MP25585.

 African folklore series.
   LP43674.
   LP43675.

 AFT Distributing Corporation.
   LF184.
   LP43685 - LP43688.

 After the rain.
   MU9073.

 AGI-EBE earth science program.
   MP25884.
   MP25892.

 Ahmed.
   MU9024.

 Alabama Environmental Quality Association.
   MP25961.

 Alan Enterprises, Inc.
   R589461.

 Alaska.
   R593743.

 Albert Camus: a self portrait.
   MP25799.

 Alberto Culver Company.
   MU9017 - MU9018.
   MU9025 - MU9026.
   MU9072 - MU9076.
   MU9159.

 Album of animals.
   R593734.

 Alced Productions, Ltd.
   LP43911.

 Alcoholism in industry.
   MP25586.

 Alcohol: the choice.
   LP43666.

 Alesse, Craig.
   MP25688.

 Alfa Cinematograsica.
   R587974.

 Alfra.
   LP43641 - LP43664.
   LP43798 - LP43801.
   LP43959 - LP43962.

 Algol, the demon star.
   MP25552.

 Alive and feeling great.
   MP25658.

 Allen, Nina Stromgren.
   MP25664.
   MP25668.
   MP25670.

 Allen, Robert Day.
   MP25660 - MP25670.
   MP25798.
   MP26057 - MP26058.

 Allend’or.
   MP25562.

 Allied Artists Pictures Corporation.
   R581550.
   R581551.
   R584640.
   R584641.
   R584642.
   R585844.
   R585845.
   R588501.
   R588502.
   R588504.
   R588505.
   R591328.
   R594065.
   R594066.

 Allied Artists Productions, Inc.
   R588503.

 Allied Film Makers.
   LF201.

 Allied Film Makers, Ltd.
   LF193.

 All in the family.
   LP43965 - LP43973.

 All that glitters.
   LP43951.

 All together.
   LP43890.
   LP43897.

 Along the Oregon Trail.
   R590890.

 Alpar, Julius Palffy-. SEE Palffy-Alpar, Julius.

 Alpen satisfied revised.
   MP25785.

 An Alphabet of animals.
   MP25704.

 Alpine.
   LP43914.

 Alson Productions, Inc.
   R589461.

 Altschul (Gilbert) Productions, Inc.
   MP25922.

 Altschul, Joel.
   MP25922.

 Alverno College, Milwaukee.
   MU9176.
   MU9177.

 Amazing Grace.
   LP43785.

 Amazing Mister Nordill.
   R584968.

 Ambassador College, Pasadena.
   MP25587.
   MP25620.
   MP25621.
   MP25765.
   MP25766.
   MP25803.

 Ambroise Pare, military surgeon.
   MP25958.

 American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons. Committee on Sports Medicine.
   MP26026.

 The American Association of Orthodontists.
   MP25641.

 Americana: the rural telephone.
   MP25619.

 American Broadcasting Companies.
   LP43764.

 The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
   MP26081.

 American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Committee on
    Audiovisual Education.
   MP26081.

 American College of Physicians.
   MP25826.
   MP25959.

 American cop.
   R584097.

 American Express Films, Inc.
   LP43685 - LP43688.

 American Film House, Inc.
   MP25547.

 American Film Properties.
   LP43732.

 American Gas Association.
   MP25769.

 American Geological Institute.
   MP25888.
   MP25891 - MP25892.

 American Heart Association.
   MP25617.

 American Humane Association.
   MP25790.
   MP25791.
   MP25792.

 American Institutes for Research.
   MP25819.

 American International.
   LP196.
   LP197.
   LP198.
   LP43792.

 American International Pictures.
   LP43780.

 American Medical Association.
   LP43760.

 American National Red Cross.
   MP25534.

 American tall tale heroes.
   MP25911.

 American Telephone and Telegraph Company.
   MP25617.
   LP43904 - LP43906.

 American Telephone and Telegraph Company. Information Department. Media
    Development Section.
   LP43904.

 American Temperance Society.
   LP43689.

 American Vice Presidency.
   MP25535.

 Amherst Media.
   MP25688.

 Amoco Production Company.
   MP26082 - MP26083.

 Amoeba proteus.
   MP25663.

 Amoeboid movement.
   MP25666.

 Analysis and synthesis of sensations: parietal and occipital lobes.
   MU9069.

 Anansi the spider.
   LP43675.

 Anatomical basis of brain function.
   MU9023.
   MU9069.

 Andersen, Hans Christian.
   LP43696.

 Anderson, Maxwell.
   LP43688.

 Anheuser-Busch, Inc.
   MP25585.
   MP25726.

 Animated class project.
   MP25581.

 Animated dead.
   LP43677.

 Anonymous Releasing Triumvirate, Inc.
   LU3675.

 Anouilh, Jean.
   LF160.

 Anstalt, Lardos. SEE Lardos Anstalt.

 Anthony, David.
   LP43743.

 Anybody can build a bomb.
   LP43822.

 Apples.
   MU9174.

 Appointment with danger.
   LP43664.

 The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz.
   LP43739.

 April showers.
   MP26003.

 Aqua capers.
   R593745.

 Aquarium in action.
   LP43922.

 Arches National Park.
   MP25884.

 Archie feels left out.
   LP43967.

 Archie Moore versus Yvon Durelle for the light heavyweight championship
    of the world, Montreal, Canada, August 12, 1959.
   MP25944.

 Archie the gambler.
   LP43970.

 Arden, Stuart. SEE Parnassus Productions.

 Arica Institute, Inc.
   MP25909.

 Armstrong, Richard.
   LF188.

 Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University. SEE Harvard University. Arnold
    Arboretum.

 Arthur’s wedding.
   LP43847.

 A.R.T., Inc.
   MU9174

 Ashby, Hal.
   LP43912.

 Astral Bellevue-Pathe, Ltd.
   LP43739.

 The Astronaut.
   LP43719.

 A.T. and T. SEE American Telephone and Telegraph Company.

 Atmosphere in motion.
   MP25891.

 Atomic power.
   R584093.

 At the Chuckchee Sea.
   MU9029.

 Attic of the wind.
   LP43683.

 Audio Productions, Inc.
   MP25617.
   MP26010.

 Audio-Visual Education center, University of Michigan. SEE University
    of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Audio-Visual Education Center.

 Audio Visual Headquarters Corporation.
   MP25613.

 Audio-Visual Specialties, Inc.
   LP43689.

 Audjeff.
   LP43928.

 Auntie Mame.
   LP43764.

 Automatic volume control.
   MP25524.

 Automotive damage correction series.
   MP25804 - MP25807.

 Autry, Gene.
   R586245.
   R588538.
   R588539.
   R589339.

 Autry (Gene) Productions.
   R589339.

 Avco Broadcasting Corporation.
   MP25918.
   MP25921.

 A-V Corporation. Teaching Films, Inc.
   MU9023.
   MU9069.

 Avoiding pitfalls in breakthrough projects.
   MP25692.

 Avon Products, Inc.
   MP25746.


                                   B

 Bachelor and the bobby-soxer.
   R586036.

 Backstage.
   MU9152.

 Back to school.
   MP25824.

 The Badge and the beautiful.
   LP43728.

 A Badge on fire.
   LP43702.

 Badlands.
   LP43811.

 Baker, Bearcat, pseud. SEE Williams, George.

 Bald Eagle Productions, Inc.
   LP43780.

 Banacek
   LP43711.

 Band pass filter.
   MP25522.

 Band reject filter.
   MP25526.

 Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association.
   R585843.

 Bank shot.
   LP43679.

 Banzai Pipeline.
   LP43826.

 Barclay Associates
   LP43931.

 Barker, Thomas B.
   LP43676.
   LP43677.

 Barney, John,
   MP25957.

 Basic security surveys.
   MP25813.

 Basic sheet metal repair techniques.
   MP25513.

 Basic shooting techniques.
   MP25780.

 Basic soldering.
   MU9167.

 Basket builder.
   MP25755.

 Battling the unknown.
   R585737.

 Baum, Willi.
   LP43673.

 Bavaria Filmkunst.
   R583551.

 B.B.S. Productions, Inc.
   LP43928.

 Bdelloura Candida.
   MP26057.

 Beal, William G.
   MP25580.

 Bearcat Baker’s Filmed boxing course.
   MP25823.

 Beards eye view.
   MU9165.

 The Bears and I.
   LP43779.

 The Beast of Ragoo Lagoon.
   MP26066.

 Beauty and the beast.
   R591845.

 The Beauty jungle.
   LF204.

 Beaver Films, Ltd.
   LF165.

 Beckett, Adam K.
   MP25742 - MP25745.

 Before it’s too late.
   MP25812.

 Bel ami.
   R584006.

 Bell, Geoffrey.
   MP25854.

 La Belle et la bete.
   R591845.

 Bellevue Pathe, Ltd.
   LP43740.

 Benji.
   LP43795.

 Bennett, Yudis E.
   MP25963.

 Bergen County Heart Association. Cardiac work Evaluation Unit
   MP25617.

 Berman, Leonard S.
   LP45908.

 Bermuda Department of Tourism.
   MU9027.

 The Bevel protractor.
   MP25741.

 Bible as literature.
   MP25895 - MP25896.

 Bicycling on the safe side.
   MP25612.

 Big can Veron.
   MU9076.

 The Big Fights, Inc.
   MP25926.
   MP25932.
   MP25933.
   MP25935.

 The Big fights of the decades.
   MP25926 - MP25946.

 Bigger, faster, stronger.
   MP25655.

 The Big harvest.
   R593741.

 Bighorn Productions, Inc.
   MU9041.

 Big house ain’t a home.
   LP43921.

 The Big story.
   MP26063.

 Big time revue.
   R590802.

 The Birdmen.
   LP43715.

 Birds of a feather.
   LP43673.

 Birds of Bharatpur.
   MP25767.

 Birds of the Arctic.
   MP25700.

 Birth control: your choice.
   MU9038.

 Bitter harvest.
   LF163.

 Blachly, Paul H.
   MP25640.
   MP25775.

 Black, Ian Stuart.
   LP205.

 Black Belt Jones.
   LP43788.

 Blackburn, John.
   LF208.

 Black eye.
   LP43812.

 Blackmail.
   R582740.

 Black music in America: from then till now.
   LP43881.

 Black Samson.
   LP43889.

 Black, white, gray.
   LP43676.

 The Black widow.
   R582736.
   R590888.

 The Black windmill.
   LP43770.

 Blasted to eternity.
   R587217.

 Blazing saddles.
   LP43744.

 Blic pens television commercial advertisement pilot.
   MP25718.

 Blondie in the dough.
   R593681.

 BNA.
   MP25609.
   MP25610.
   MP25611.

 Bobwin Assoc., Inc.
   LP43922 - LP43927.

 Boiler operation, fireside.
   MP25529.

 Boiler operation, waterside.
   MP25530.

 Boland, Bridget.
   LF182.

 Boland, John.
   LF193.

 Bone bandit.
   R582869.

 Bookkeeping and accounting: how do you figure in.
   MP25797.

 Boomerang.
   R583794.

 Borenstein, Joyce.
   MU9039.
   MU9040.

 Bosustow (Stephen) Productions.
   LP43673.
   LP43690 - LP43694.
   LP43767.

 Boulevard Communication Group, Inc.
   MU9156.

 Bowery buckaroos.
   R591573.

 Bowling tricks.
   R594214.

 The Boy and the sinner.
   LP43857.

 Boyd, Grace Bradley.
   R583571.

 Boyd, William L.
   R583571.

 Bradbury, Ray.
   LP43716.

 The Bradley affair.
   LP43703.

 The Braille children.
   MP25675.

 Brakhage, Stan.
   MP25786.
   MP25793.
   MP25816.
   MP26079.
   MP26080.

 Branding irons.
   R585010.

 The Breakthrough project.
   MP25698.

 Breast self-examination: a plan for survival, a lifetime habit.
   MP26085.

 Breath of Spring.
   LF175.

 Brenner, Barbara,
   MP26059.

 The Bribe.
   LP43962.

 Brigham Young University, Provo, UT.
   MP25655.
   MP25715.
   MP25734.

 Brigham Young University, Provo, UT. Motion Picture Department.
   MP25655.
   MP25734.

 Bright-Persky Associates. SEE Persky-Bright Associates.

 Bring me the head of Alfredo Garcia.
   LP43775.

 Brink of extinction.
   MP25768.

 British Film Makers, Ltd.
   LF186.
   LF189.
   LF199.

 British Lion Films, Ltd.
   LF184.

 Broken image.
   LP43643.

 Brooklyn, U.S.A.
   R584822.

 Brophy, John.
   LF192.

 Browne, Gerald A.
   LP43879.

 Browne, Howarde.
   LP43699.

 Broyles, Allebaugh, and Davis, Inc. Motion Picture Division.
   MP25616.

 Bruner, Jerome.
   MP25802.

 Bruner, Jerome S.
   MP25801.

 Bruner series—cognitive development.
   MP25801.
   MP25802.

 Brute force.
   R585843.

 Brut Productions, Inc.
   LP43678.

 Bryant and Stratton Business Institute, Inc.
   LP43668 - LP43672.

 Buckaroo from Powder River.
   R591424.

 Buddy, can you spare a life?
   LP43706.

 Buena Vista Distribution Company, Inc.
   LP43637.
   LP43742.
   LP43779.

 Buford, Gordon.
   LP43637.

 Building better paragraphs.
   MP25731.

 Bulldog Drummond strikes back.
   R591419.

 Bullet for el diablo.
   LP43820.

 Bunion surgery—a new approach.
   MP25719.

 Bureau of Business Practice, Inc.
   MP25586.

 Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. BNA Communications, Inc.
   MP25609.
   MP25610.
   MP25611.

 Burke, Billy.
   MP25719.

 Busch Gardens West.
   MP25726.

 Bush Christmas.
   R593270.

 Bushmen of the Kalahari.
   MP25584.

 Butley.
   LP43686.

 Buy me.
   MP25647.


                                   C

 California split.
   LP43930.

 California. State Department of Education.
   MP25531.

 Call girl.
   LP43649.

 Calories: enough is enough.
   MP25922.

 Camaro ’75.
   MP25822.

 Camden County Vocational and Technical School.
   MP25529.
   MP25530.

 Camouflage.
   MP25869.

 Canadian Film Development Corporation.
   LP43739.

 Canadians: their cities.
   MP25894.

 Canadians: their land.
   MP25893.

 Canawest Film Productions, Ltd.
 MFO-50.

 Canyonlands National Park.
   MP25884.

 Capacitance principles.
   MP25519.

 Capacity for growth.
   MP25534.

 CAPAD.
   MP25641.

 Cape of Good Hope.
   R583810.

 Captain Boycott.
   R593273.

 Captain Silver sails again.
   R591422.

 Captain Silver’s strategy.
   R591430.

 Caravan.
   R586094.

 Caravans of trade.
   R593736.

 Career decision making.
   MP25967.

 Careers: it’s all up to you.
   MP25545.

 Carnegie Hall.
   R583578.

 Carnival in Costa Rica.
   R583796.

 Carnival of sports.
   R585011.

 Carol’s problem.
   LP43844.

 Carry on camping.
   LF196.

 Carry on, doctor.
   LF197.

 Carry on, Henry.
   LF198.

 Carson, Sonny.
   LP43761.

 Casella, Alberto.
   LP43721.

 The Case of the missing chickcows (adding positive and negative
    integers)
   LP43754.

 Case Western Reserve University.
   MP26016.
   MP26017.

 Casler, Christopher G.
   MU9077.

 Cassidy (Hopalong) Productions, Inc.
   R583571.

 Cassius Clay versus Ernie Terrell for the heavyweight championship of
    the world, February 6, 1967, Houston, Texas.
   MP25933.

 Cassius Clay versus Henry Cooper boxing contest, June 18, 1963, London,
    England.
   MP25934.

 Cass Timberlane.
   R591703.

 The Castaway cowboy.
   LP43742.

 Castle (William) Productions, Inc.
   LP43796.

 Casualty.
   LP43646.

 Cathedral Films, Inc.
   LP43666.

 Cat nap Pluto.
   R589514.

 Cavalcade.
   MP25711.

 Cavalcade of hairstyling.
   MP25998.
   MP25999.

 Cayton, William D.
   MP25926 - MP25946.

 CBS, Inc.
   LP43854 - LP43877.
   LP43944 - LP43956.
   MU9032 - MU9036.
   MU9043 - MU9064.
   MU9080 - MU9141.
   MU9169 - MU9173.

 CBS News.
   MP26027 - MP26035.

 CBS Television.
   LP43854 - LP43877.

 CBS Television Network.
   LP43814 - LP43834.
   LP43916 - LP43918.
   LP43944 - LP43956.

 Celebration at Big Sur.
   LP43737.

 Cells and cell processes.
   MP25664 - MP25670.
   MP25798.

 Center for Southern Folklore.
   MP25542.

 Central America: finding new ways.
   MP25903.

 Centron Corporation, Inc.
   MP25618 - MP25619.
   MP25817.

 Cervantes (Paalo) Ltd.
   MP25875.

 Champion.
   MU9160.

 A Change of plan.
   LP43738.

 Chapman, Robert,
   LF180.

 Charlemagne Productions, Ltd.
   LF208.

 Charter for death.
   LP43916.

 Chartoff-Winkler Productions, Inc.
   LP43878.

 The Chase.
   LP43734.

 Chase, Doris.
   MP25532.
   MP25533.

 Chaska Public Schools (MN)
   MP25545.

 Chassis and drive-line highlights: Trail Duster and Ramcharger.
   MP25915.

 Chelsea House.
   MP26010.

 Cheyenne.
   R580301.

 Child and Family Service of Springfield, Inc.
   MP25919.

 A Child between.
   LP43867.

 Child of violence.
   LP43648.

 Children of Paradise.
   R589668.

 Chiltern Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF192.

 Chip an’ Dale.
   R584625.

 Chiquita Banana (’s).
   R591937.
   R592080 - R592088.

 Choice of evils.
   LP43655.

 Chong, J. Kenneth.
   MU9022.

 Chores.
   MU9166.

 Chosen survivors.
   LP43914.

 Christian Science Board of Directors.
   MU9065.

 Christ’s church through the ages.
   MP25734.

 Chromosome banding techniques.
   MP25708.

 Chrysler Cordoba.
   MP26071.

 Chrysler Corporation.
   MP25676 - MP25678.
   MP25800.
   MP25915 - MP25917.
   MP26048 - MP26055.
   MP26068 - MP26077.

 Chrysler Corporation. Training Center.
   MP25915.
   MP25916.

 Church in action, 1971.
   MP25715.

 Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. Council of the Twelve.
   MP25715.

 Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. First Presidency.
   MP25715.

 Churubusco, Estudios.
   LP43775.

 Churubusco Studios.
   LP43914.

 Cihi (Bob) Productions, Inc.
   LP43665.

 Cinema Center Films.
   LP43940.
   LP43943.

 Cinema International Corporation, N. V.
   LP43809.

 Cinevision, Ltee.
   LP43685 - LP43688.

 The Circle called man.
   MP25613.

 Circle of love.
   LP43689.

 Circles.
   LP43891.

 Circles 2.
   MP25532 - MP25533.

 City weekend.
   R593748.

 Claiborne (William) Inc.
   MP26085.

 Clancy.
   MP26080.

 Claridge Pictures, Inc.
   LP43778.

 Clash of shadows.
   LP43645.

 Cleaning symbionts, barbers of the sea.
   MP25872.

 Clear the track.
   MP25709.

 Clever Hikoichi.
   MP25712.

 Clewes, Howard.
   LF186.

 Clore (Alan) Films, Ltd.
   LF184.

 Closely held corporation stock plans.
   MP25568.

 Close that sale.
   LP43680.

 Close to the basket moves.
   MP25783.

 Closing in.
   R587223.

 Clown.
   LP43884.

 Coca-Cola Company.
   MP25558.

 Cockpit
   LF182.

 Coencas, Joseph.
   MP25546.

 Coke, Peter,
   LF175.

 Colby, Carl.
   MP25960.

 Colgate Palmolive Company.
   MP25548.
   MP25644 - MP25653.
   MP25733.
   MP25762 - MP25763.
   MP25776 - MP25777.
   MP25785.
   MP25824.
   MP25876 - MP25883.
   MP26003 - MP26009.

 College days.
   MU9144.

 College of DuPage, Glen Ellyn, IL.
   MP25504.
   MP25505.

 College of DuPage, Glen Ellyn, IL. Learning Resources Center.
   MP25504.
   MP25505.

 Colmar, Ltd.
   LP43909.

 Columbia.
   LP43914.
   LP43915.
   LP43942.

 Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
   LP43814 - LP43834.
   LP43854 - LP43877.
   LP43916 - LP43918.
   LP43944 - LP43956.
   MP26027 - MP26033.

 Columbia Pictures.
   LP43755.
   LP43912.
   LP43931.
   LP43942.

 Columbia Pictures Corporation.
   LP43930.
   R582962 - R582971.
   R582973 - R582974.
   R585727 - R585737.
   R587216 - R587224.
   R591417.
   R591419 - R591434.
   R593681.
   R593901 - R593904.
   R593906 - R593909.

 Columbia Pictures Corporation, Ltd.
   LP43762.
   LP43910.

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   LP43928.
   R582961 - R582974.
   R585727 - R585737.
   R587216 - R587224.
   R591417 - R591434.
   R593901 - R593909.

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Learning Company of America.
   LP43880 - LP43883.
   LP43886.
   LP43941.
   MP25799.

 Columbo.
   LP43756.
   LP43932 - LP43938.

 Combinational logic.
   MP25965.

 The Combination set.
   MP25739.

 The Combination square.
   MP25740.

 Comb jelly (Ctenophore)
   MP25661.

 Come golf with me.
   MU9027.

 Comet Productions, Inc.
   R582742.
   R590887.

 Committee on Audiovisual Education, American College of Obstetricians
    and Gynecologists. SEE American College of Obstetricians and
    Gynecologists. Committee on Audiovisual Education.

 Committee on Sports Medicine of the American Academy of Orthopedic
    Surgeons. SEE American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons. Committee on
    Sports Medicine.

 The Common cold.
   MFO-50.

 Communicating Ventures International.
   LP43729.

 Communications.
   R593740.

 Communication without words.
   MU9177.

 Concepts of advanced network design.
   MP25950.

 Concepts of data control.
   MP25770.

 Concepts to castings.
   MP25962.

 Conch fishing in the Coral Sea.
   MP25857.

 Concord Productions, Inc.
   LP43791.

 Cones.
   LP43899.

 Confessions of a window cleaner.
   LP43910.

 Conflict.
   LP43681.

 Conquest of the Deeps, Ltd. and Company.
   LP43740.

 Conservation road.
   R593739.

 Conspirators.
   LP43661.

 Constellation Films, Ltd.
   LF187.

 Contemporary values series.
   MP25748.
   MP25749.
   MP25795.

 Control and extinguishment of LNG spills and spill fires at high LNG
    boil-off rates.
   MP25769.

 The Convict.
   LP43948.

 Cookson, Catherine.
   LF174.

 Cool million.
   LP43803.

 Copenhagen pageantry.
   R593744.

 Coral reef at night.
   MP25858.

 Coral reef environment.
   MP25865.

 Cornell University. Laboratory of Ornithology.
   MP25700.

 Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. SEE Esquire,
    Inc. Coronet Instructional Media.

 The Corpse came C.O.D.
   R582969.

 Corridor Productions, Inc.
   MP25748.
   MP25749.
   MP25795.

 Cotterell, Geoffrey.
   LF168.

 Council of the Twelve. SEE Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.
    Council of the Twelve.

 Counseling Films, Inc.
   MP25967.

 Countdown to air time—a test of leadership.
   MP25672.

 Country music.
   LP43807.

 Cover me, babe.
   LP43774.

 Cowan, Maurice.
   LF179.

 Coward, Noel.
   LF199.

 Cowtown hustler.
   LP43875.

 Coyote Productions.
   MP26061.

 Crabs of the coral reef.
   MP25871.

 Cradle of a nation.
   R592966.

 Creating desire through emotional appeal!
   MP25988.

 Cresson, James.
   LP43913.

 Crichton, Michael.
   LP43787.

 The Crime doctor’s gamble.
   R593903.

 Crime prevention.
   MP25813.
   MP25814.
   MP25993 - MP25996.

 Crimson key.
   R583804.

 CRM Productions, Inc.
   MP26000.
   MP26001.
   MP26002.

 Crocus.
   MP25852.

 Crossfire.
   R586037.

 Crunch Bird Studios, Inc.
   LP43964.

 Cry the beloved country.
   LP43688.

 Cry wolf.
   R585005.

 C S Company.
   R590971.

 Cubes.
   LP43901.

 Cunningham, E. V.
   LP43725.

 Curtain up.
   LF187.

 Curtiz (Michael) Productions, Inc.
   R590796.

 C.V.I., Ltd.
   LP43729.

 CWRU. SEE Case Western Reserve University.

 Cybis.
   MP25717.

 Cylinders.
   LP43903.

 Cytoplasmic streaming in green plants.
   MP25670.

 Czinner, Paul.
   LF169.
   LF171.


                                   D

 Dabaways versus washcloth, 2.
   MP25656.

 Daddy Duck.
   R582866.

 Dagger of the mind.
   LP43934.

 Dairy Council, Inc.
   LP43759.

 Daisy Kenyon.
   R593729.

 Damiano, Gerard. SEE Memory Company.

 Dana Productions, a division of Saparoff Films, Inc. SEE Saparoff
    Films, Inc. Dana Productions.

 Danger ahead.
   R587219.

 Dangerous waters.
   R593908.

 Daniels, Guy.
   LP43691.

 Danree Productions.
   MP25723.
   MP25724.

 Daredevil men.
   LP43809.

 The Dark man.
   LF183.

 The Dark mirror.
   R582958.

 Dark passage.
   R587019.

 Dark warning.
   LP43657.

 D’Arsonval moving coil.
   MP25515.

 Data communications.
   MP25772.
   MP25949.
   MP25950.

 Data control.
   MP25771.

 Data control techniques.
   MP25953.

 A Date for dinner.
   R591488.

 Davenport, Tom.
   MP25738.

 Davenport (Tom) Films.
   MP25738.

 Davidson, Albert.
   MP25815.

 Davidson, Lionel.
   LF203.

 Davidson Films.
   LP43746 - LP43754.

 Davidson Films, Inc.
   LP43638.
   MP26063 - MP26067.

 The Day after tomorrow.
   LU3677.

 Day at Hollywood Park.
   R580305.

 Day business stood still.
   LP43907.

 Day of the jackal.
   LP43786.

 The Deadly dream.
   LP43720.

 Deadly game.
   LP43652.

 The Deadly innocent.
   LP43866.

 De Antonio, Emile.
   MP25659.

 Dear Kurt.
   LP43665.

 Dear Ruth.
   R587024.

 Death of a daffodil.
   LF197.

 Death of a snout.
   LF207.

 Death rides the rails.
   R587221.

 Death takes a holiday.
   LP43721.

 Death wish.
   LP43733.

 Death with Father.
   LP43827.

 Debugging techniques.
   MP25772.

 Deep valley.
   R585006.

 Defensive driving 4: Pursuit driving.
   MP25758.

 Defuse the objection—treat it as a question!
   MP25986.

 De Laurentiis (Dino) Corporation.
   LP43733.

 Demi-god.
   LP43801.

 Dennis, Patrick
   LP43764.

 De Palma, Brian.
   LP43792.

 DePatie.
   LP43726.
   LP43727.
   LP43728.
   LP43783.
   LP43784.
   LP43920.
   LP43921.

 Dermassage—“Mrs. B.”
   MP25651.

 Desire me.
   R583370.

 Desire to read.
   LP43690 - LP43694.
   LP43771.

 Desperate.
   R584163.

 Desperate flight.
   R585735.

 Detroit’s Emergency Medical Service.
   MP25547.

 The Development psychology today film series.
   MP26000.
   MP26001.

 The Devil and Miss Sarah.
   LP43712.

 Diamonds of the Queen.
   LF190.

 Didion, Joan.
   LP43808.

 Dinosaurs’ dilemma, the meaning of the variable.
   LP43751.

 Diode vacuum tube voltmeters.
   MP25520.

 The Direction of time.
   MP26084.

 Dirty Mary, crazy Larry.
   LP43734.

 Dirty Sally.
   LP43944 - LP43956.

 The Disciple.
   LP43877.

 Discussion of Joseph Conrad’s The Secret sharer.
   MP25898.

 Disney (Walt) Productions.
   LP43637.
   LP43742.
   LP43779.
   R580998 - R580999.
   R582866 - R582869.
   R584625 - R584626.
   R589192 - R589194.
   R589513 - R589514.

 Diverse Industries, Inc.
   MP25756.

 Doctor in distress.
   LF206.

 Doctor in love.
   LF173.

 Doctor Tom and his magic tree.
   MP25562.

 Dodge Dart.
   MP26077.

 The Dogfather.
   LP43726.
   LP43783.
   LP43784.
   LP43920.
   LP43921.

 Doggone cats.
   R592817.

 Dominion.
   MP25786.

 Donald’s dream voice.
   R582868.

 Donlee Productions.
   LP43697.

 Don’t lose your head.
   LF194.

 Doppler effect in sound and light.
   MP25557.

 Doubleday and Company, Inc.
   MP25560.
   MP25561.

 Doubleday and Company, Inc. Doubleday Multimedia.
   MP25560.
   MP25561.

 Doubleday Productions, Inc.
   LP43730.

 Double peril.
   R585734.

 Double shock.
   LP43937.

 Do we always say what we mean?
   MU9176.

 Down to earth.
   R585729.

 Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan.
   LP43722.

 Draftsmen of dreams.
   R593735.

 Draw me a killer.
   LP43815.

 Dreamer that remains: a portrait of Harry Partch.
   MP25507.

 Drew Associates.
   MP25675.

 Dribble-puss parade.
   R593734.

 Driftwood.
   R590889.

 Drip Dippy Donald.
   R580999.

 Drugstore.
   MU9145.

 The Drug test.
   MP25918.

 Drum, Ryan W.
   MP25798.

 DuBois (Lee) Company.
   MP25976 - MP25992.

 Duel.
   LP43718.

 Dumas, Alexandre, pere.
   LF190.

 DuPont (E. I.) De Nemours and Company, Inc.
   MU9021.

 The Durango Daredevil strikes again (bullying).
   MP25626.


                                   E

 Eagle Lion.
   LF158.

 Early bird.
   LF170.

 Early childhood education series.
   MP25819.

 EBE humanities program.
   MP25897 - MP25898.

 Edith finds an old man.
   LP43969.

 Edith’s Christmas story.
   LP43973.

 Ed Thorgersen’s Movietone adventures.
   R593746.

 Educational Division of Milner-Fenwick, Inc. SEE Milner-Fenwick, Inc.
    Educational Division.

 Educational Expeditions International.
   MP25643.
   MP25849.
   MP25850.

 The Education of Sonny Carson.
   LP43761.

 Edutronics Systems International, Inc.
   MP25582.
   MP25583.
   MP25737.
   MP25949 - MP25953.
   MP25770 - MP25774.

 Edwards, Charles.
   MP25660.

 Egleton, Clive.
   LP43770.

 Eight ways to ask for the order.
   MP25983.

 Einstein, Jeffrey.
   MP25919.

 El Camino—a beautiful value.
   MP25821.

 Electronic circuit action series.
   MP25514 - MP25528.

 Ellipses.
   LP43893.

 Ellipsoids.
   LP43900.

 Emerging woman.
   MP25727.

 Emka Division of Universal City Studios, Inc. SEE Universal City
    Studios, Inc. Emka Division.

 Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation.
   MP25884 - MP25908.

 End of an empire?
   MP26045.

 End of the river.
   R586092.

 Enemies.
   LP43660.

 Energy: a matter of choices.
   MP25901.

 Energy challenge.
   MP25541.

 Enfants du Paradis.
   R589668.

 Enter the dragon.
   LP43791.

 Entheos Communication Corporation.
   MP25955.

 Enthusiasm.
   MU9146.

 Escape me never.
   R592813.

 Escape reactions in the pink-lipped conch.
   MP25868.

 Escape techniques.
   MP26082.

 Escuela Agricola Pan Americana.
   MP25811.

 Es lebe die Liebe.
   R583551.

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Media.
   MP25622 - MP25627.
   MP25700 - MP25705.
   MP25712.
   MP25730 - MP25732.
   MP25797.
   MP25911 - MP25914.

 Esquire, Inc. Perspective Films.
   MP26056.

 Esther Waters.
   LF164.

 Esty (William) Company, Inc.
   MP25548
   MP25644 - MP25653.
   MP25733.
   MP25762 - MP25763.
   MP25875 - MP25883.
   MP26003 - MP26009.

 Etude in black.
   LP43932.

 Euglena gracilis.
   MP25662.

 Evolution of the red star.
   MP25742.

 Examination of the foot.
   MP25790.

 Executing programs in VS.
   MP25582.
   MP25952.

 Exercise and physical fitness.
   MP25899.

 Expanding the achievement process.
   MP25691.

 Explorations in space and time.
   MP25550 - MP25557.

 Exploring mathematics.
   LP43746 - LP43754.

 Exposed.
   R590891.

 Extending the horizon, longer term goals.
   MP25697.

 E-Z Open, Inc.
   MP25910.


                                   F

 Fabulous Texan.
   R590893.

 Faces.
   MP26059.

 Faces of peril.
   LP43798.

 Fact finding, pre-approach, blue-printing.
   MP25978.

 Factors affecting fuel economy.
   MP25677.

 The Failing of Raymond.
   LP43723.

 Fakes and drives.
   MP25781.

 Fall guy.
   R588502.

 Fame is the spur.
   R590127.

 Family Entertainment Corporation.
   MP25788.

 A Family of killers.
   LP43868.

 Famous Players, Ltd.
   LP43739.

 Farrell, Raymond M., Jr.
   MU9020.

 Farrington, Fielden.
   LP43717.

 Fashion means business!
   MP26036.

 Fast lady.
   LF161.

 Fatal flood.
   R587218.

 Father came too.
   LF159.

 Father of the bride.
   MU9150.

 Fay (Sheldon) Productions.
   LP43929.

 The Fayette story.
   MP26062.

 Federal Films, Inc.
   R583578.

 Fencing for the blind.
   MU9031.

 Ferris, Bill.
   MP25542.

 The Fertilizer Institute, Washington, D.C.
   MP26018.

 Fever in Rio.
   LP43802.

 Field interviews—interview or interrogate.
   MP25948.

 Field problems.
   MP25757.

 A Fight to the finish.
   R591489.

 Film Archives Company,
   LP43731.
   LP43797.
   R583578.
   R584879.

 Film Dynamics.
   MP25531.

 Filmed basic boxing course.
   MP25823.

 Film Production Unit, Iowa State University. SEE Iowa State University,
    Ames. Film Production Unit.

 Films for Christ Association.
   MP25706.

 Films, Inc.
   MP25508.
   MP25639.
   MP25760.

 Film: the art of the impossible.
   LP43882.

 Film Trust, S. A.
   LF190.

 Finder’s fee.
   LP43704.

 Finishing touch.
   LP43821.

 Fink, R. M.
   LP43790.

 Finney, Edward.
   R583549 - R583556.
   R584006 - R584011.
   R584014.
   R584559.

 A Firefly named Torchy.
   LP43690.

 First Artists Production Company, Ltd.
   LP43810.

 First look at computers.
   MP25504.

 First Presidency. SEE Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.
    First Presidency.

 The First snow.
   P591493.

 Fischer-Koesen Film Pr.
   R583550.

 Fisher Film Group.
   MP25672.
   MP25673.

 Fisherman’s nightmare.
   R583811.

 Fishes of the coral reef.
   MP25860.
   MP25861.

 Fishing by the sea.
   R591492.

 Fishing the Florida Keys.
   R590800.

 Five fingers of death.
   LP43939.

 Flame.
   R590895.

 Flash of color, flash of death.
   LP43918.

 Flatworm symbiont.
   MP26057.

 Flesh flows.
   MP25745.

 Fliegel, Richard.
   LU3677.

 Flight.
   MP25793.

 Flip side is death.
   LP43825.

 Flora, Fletcher.
   LP43724.

 Florida. Department of State. Division of Archives. History and Records
    Management.
   MP25794.

 Florida’s affair.
   LP43838.

 Florida’s goodbye.
   LP43848.

 Floyd Patterson versus Joey Maxim boxing contest, June 7, 1954, New
    York City.
   MP25929.

 Floyd Patterson versus Pete Rademacher for the heavyweight title of the
    world, August 22, 1957, Seattle, Washington.
   MP25939.

 Flying deuces.
   LP43797.

 Flying south.
   R591491.

 Foil frosting techniques with Robert Platin.
   MP25999.

 Folies-Bergere.
   LP43731.

 Follow that camel.
   LF191.

 Food for feeling fit.
   LP43759.

 Food: more for your money.
   MP25789.

 Football thrills.
   R584734.

 Footprints in stone.
   MP25706.

 Forever Amber.
   R593725.

 The Forgotten West.
   MP25642.

 For Pete’s sake.
   LP43931.

 Forsyth, Frederick.
   LP43786.

 Fortress.
   LF180.

 Fort Ross fire.
   MU9142.

 Foster (Bob) Productions.
   LP43907.

 The Foundling.
   LP43872.

 The Fox.
   LP43778.

 The Foxes of Harrow.
   R593728.

 Foxy duckling.
   R585012.

 F. P. Films, Inc.
   LP43808.

 Fragile, handle with care.
   MU9156.

 Franciscan Communications Center.
   MP25964.

 Frauen sind keine Engel.
   R583553.

 Frau meiner Traume.
   R584007.

 Freedom.
   MP25748.

 Free form.
   MP25724.

 Free horizons.
   R593742.

 Freeman (Leonard) Productions.
   LP43814 - LP43834.
   LP43916 - LP43918.

 Free throws.
   MP25784.

 Freleng.
   LP43726.
   LP43727.
   LP43728.
   LP43783.
   LP43784.
   LP43920.
   LP43921.

 Friedman, Bruce Jay.
   LP43738.

 Friend.
   MP25746.

 Fryer, Robert.
   LP43913.

 Fury river.
   LP43639.


                                   G

 Gaines Dog Research Center.
   MP25543.

 Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd.
   R586093.
   R593274.

 Gakken Company, Ltd.
   MP25712.

 Gambler.
   LP43878.

 A Game of death, an act of love.
   LP43861.
   LP43862.

 Gang, Martin.
   R585843.

 Gardens of the sea.
   R583808.

 Gardner Advertising Company.
   MP25585.
   MP25726.

 Gardner-Marlow-Maes Associates.
   MP25920.

 Garfield, Brian.
   LP43733.

 Garner Ted Armstrong.
   MP25587 - MP25608.
   MP25620 - MP25621.
   MP25628.
   MP25634.
   MP25679 - MP25687.
   MP25764 - MP25766.
   MP25803.

 Gatecliff: American Indian rockshelter.
   MP25849.

 Gaumont British Distributors, Ltd.
   LF185.

 Gene Davis.
   MP25960.

 General Film Distributors, Ltd.
   LF158.
   LF166.
   LF176.
   LF178.
   LF180.
   LF182.
   LF188.
   LF189.
   LF192.
   LF199.

 General Learning Corporation.
   MP26063 - MP26067.

 General Motors Corporation.
   MP25821 - MP25822.
   MP25968 - MP25975.
   MP26019 - MP26024.
   MU9156.

 General Motors Corporation. Chevrolet Motor Division.
   MP25822.

 General Motors Corporation. Oldsmobile Division.
   MP26019 - MP26024.

 General Motors Corporation. Pontiac Division.
   MP25968 - MP25975.

 General Motors Photographic.
   MP26019 - MP26024.

 Generations.
   LP43904.

 Gentleman’s agreement.
   R593730.

 Geometrical form.
   MP25723.

 George Foreman versus Ionas Chapulos, Olympic Heavyweight Championship,
    Mexico City, Mexico, October 23, 1968.
   MP25930.

 George Foreman versus Miguel Paez, Oakland, California, May 11, 1972.
   MP25941.

 Gerbils.
   LP43923.

 Germany—handle with care.
   MP26035.

 Germs and your body.
   MP25913.

 Get off.
   MP26012 - MP26015.

 Getting together.
   MP25906 - MP25908.

 Getting up the rent.
   LP43974.

 Getty Picture Corporation, Ltd.
   LP43915.

 Ghost and Mrs. Muir.
   R583801.

 The Ghost goes wild.
   R582726.

 The Giant mobile.
   MP26018.

 Gillette Company.
   MU9144 - MU9152.
   MU9160 - MU9166.

 Gillette Street.
   MP25808.

 Ginger.
   R581550.

 Girl from bedlam.
   LP43658.

 Girl of my dreams.
   R584007.

 Girl on the run.
   LP43700.

 Girls Clubs of America, Inc.
   MP25658.

 The Girl who couldn’t say no.
   LP43773.

 Girl with a million.
   MU9074.

 Gittelman Film Associates, Inc.
   MP25674.

 Give us the earth.
   R581039.

 The Giving tree.
   LP43767.

 Glamour town.
   R585008.

 Gliding motility in the algae.
   MP25798.

 Glimpses of new Scotland.
   R584733.

 Global Production Services.
   LP43732.

 G-Men never forget.
   R590894.
   R592268.

 The Godchild.
   LP43958.

 Godey, John.
   LP43957.

 Goggles.
   LP43682.

 Golden Circle Films, Ltd.
   LP43729.

 Golden earrings.
   R593023.

 Goldwyn (Samuel) Productions, Inc.
   R586509.
   R586510.

 Good, Merle.
   LP43963.

 Good friend.
   R584006.

 The Good life (sales training)
   MP25676.

 Good news.
   R592965.

 Good thing.
   MP25875.

 Good times.
   LP43974 - LP43981.

 Goose that laid a golden egg.
   LP43784.

 Gordon, Richard.
   LF173.

 Gottlieb, Gladys Glad Hellinger.
   R585843.

 Grain Belt Breweries, Inc.
   MP25563 - MP25566.

 The Gravy train.
   LP43755.

 Gray, Simon.
   LP43686.

 Great love.
   R583552.

 Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.
   MP25927 - MP25931.
   MP25934.
   MP25936 - MP25946.

 The Great piggybank raid (honesty)
   MP25622.

 Greek myths.
   MP25889 - MP25890.

 Green Dolphin Street.
   R590967.

 Green for danger.
   R590126.

 The Greenhouse jungle.
   LP43756.

 Gregory, David V.
   LU3679.

 Gridiron greatness.
   R583815.

 Grosse Liebe.
   R583552.

 Group Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF176.
   LF179.
   LF181.
   LF188.

 Growing pains.
   R583125.

 Growth of cassava (Manihot utilissima)
   MP25811.

 Guggenheim Productions, Inc.
   MP25506.

 Guilty.
   LP43641.

 Guinea pigs.
   LP43924.

 Gunfighters.
   R582966.

 Gunsmoke.
   LP43854 - LP43877.

 Guns of a stranger.
   LP43806.

 Gusfilms.
   MP25919.

 Gus Productions, Inc.
   LP43730.


                                   H

 Habitue.
   MU9158.

 The Haircutting techniques of Jamison Shaw, high layered cut.
   MP25998.

 Hair model, revised.
   MU9017.

 Hallmark Productions, Inc.
   R582959.

 Hallo Janine.
   R583556.

 Haltering and restraint.
   MP25792.

 Hamilton, Patrick.
   LF163.

 Hamlin, Jerome.
   MP25957.

 Hamsters.
   LP43926.

 Handi Wipes 1001 uses.
   MP25776 - MP25777.

 The Hanging of Cyrus Pike.
   LP43956.

 The Hanging of Newly O’Brien.
   LP43864.

 Hans/Woodcrafter.
   MP25762.
   MP25763.

 Happy as the grass was green.
   LP43963.

 Happy days.
   LU3675.

 Happy Production Company.
   LP43963.

 Harbor Productions, Inc.
   LP43730.

 Harbour-UTV.
   LP43706.

 Hard, Robert.
   MP25665.

 Hard time.
   LP43705.

 Harold’s fairy tale.
   LP43758.

 Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.
   MP25660 - MP25670.
   MP25798.
   MP26057 - MP26058.

 Harrowhouse Productions, Ltd.
   LP43879.

 Harvard University. Arnold Arboretum.
   MP25753.

 Harvard University. President and Fellows of Harvard College.
   MP25753.

 Harvest of the sea.
   R583813.

 Have you ever wondered.
   R588089.

 Hawaii Five-O.
   LP43814 - LP43834.
   LP43916 - LP43918.

 Hearst Corporation. Hearst Metrotone News.
   MP25535 - MP25541.
   R581656 - R581663.
   R583409 - R583417.
   R585027 - R585035.
   R586853 - R586860.
   R589329 - R589338.
   R592179 - R592186.

 Hearst Corporation. King Features Syndicate.
   R593681.

 Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
   R581656 - R581663.
   R583409 - R583417.
   R585027 - R585035.
   R586853 - R586860.
   R589329 - R589338.
   R592179 - R592186.

 Heart attack.
   MP25729.

 The Heartbreak kid.
   LP43738.

 Hearts and minds.
   LP43928.

 Heavy-light.
   MP25743.

 Heckle and Jeckle, the talking magpies.
   R591490.
   R591492.

 Heist and seek.
   LP43783.

 Heller.
   LP43788.

 Heller (Robert) Productions, Inc.
   MP25804 - MP25807.

 Hellinger, Gladys Glad.
   R585843.

 Hellinger (Mark J.) Trustees of Trust under the Will of.
   R585843.

 The Helpful little mailman.
   MP25702.

 Henkel, Kim.
   LU3676.

 Henry, O., pseud. SEE Porter, William Sidney.

 Henry’s farewell.
   LP43971.

 Herbie rides again.
   LP43637.

 Here’s your answer.
   R584818.

 Her husband’s affairs.
   R591420.

 Heritage of the humanities.
   MP25895 - MP25896.

 Herman, Jerry.
   LP43764.

 He was born, he suffered, he died.
   MP26079.

 Hexed.
   LP43663.

 Higgins (Alfred) Productions, Inc.
   MP25657.
   MP25789.

 The High bright sun.
   LF205.

 High conquest.
   R588505.

 Highlights of British dog shows.
   MP25543.

 Hildegarde Withers makes the scene.
   LP43724.

 Hired help.
   MU9026.

 History, poetry and drama in the Old Testament.
   MP25895.

 Hitched.
   LP43805.

 Hobo Bobo.
   R580303.

 Hoffman Information Systems.
   MP25613.

 Hoggan, Michael B.
   MU9079.

 Holiday camp.
   R586093.

 Holiday in South Africa.
   R584187.

 Hollywood wonderland.
   R585007.

 Home of the Danes.
   R593746.

 Homestretch.
   R583798.

 Honeymoon.
   R584162.

 Honk ’em, squonk ’em, git the wampum.
   LP43944.

 Hookman.
   LP43814.

 Hooper, Tobe.
   LU3676.

 Hoot Kloot.
   LP43727.
   LP43728.

 Hoppy’s holiday.
   R583571.

 Horizons of tomorrow.
   R593733.

 A Horse fly fleas.
   R592816.

 A Horse of a different color.
   LP43949.

 Horwitz, Elinor Landor.
   LP43694.

 Hot enough for June.
   LF203.

 Hot on the job.
   MP25756.

 Houghton Mifflin Company.
   LP43638.
   MP25502.
   MP25549 - MP25557.
   MP25629 - MP25633.
   MP25671.

 The Hound of Baskervilles.
   LP43722.

 House construction home movie.
   LP43667.

 House hunting mice.
   R590798.

 House of wonders.
   MP25537.

 Houston, James.
   LP43732.

 How big is a million?
   MP26067.

 How I developed a multi-million dollar production in a town of 12,000.
   MP25571.

 How it works.
   MU9148.

 How many stars.
   MP25636.

 How T-groups work.
   MP25609.

 How to achieve the good life.
   MP25676.

 How to arouse curiosity.
   MP25980.

 How to buy quality.
   LP43695.

 How to classify, handle and answer objections!
   MP25987.

 How to con a doctor.
   MP25640.

 How to reach the million dollar production goal.
   MP25573.

 How to sell a complicated trust plan.
   MP25574.

 How to use a simple check list to measure your daily progress.
   MP25576.

 H2S safety training program.
   MP26025.

 Hucksters.
   R581038.

 The Human machine.
   MP25637.

 Hyde, Simeon, 3rd.
   MP26060.


                                   I

 IBM Corporation. SEE International Business Machines Corporation.

 IBM independent study program.
   MP25778.
   MP25779.

 I can be a builder.
   MP25615.

 I can be a community service worker.
   MP25512.

 I can be a hospital worker.
   MP25511.

 I can be a mechanic.
   MP25510.

 I can be a production worker.
   MP25509.

 ICD Rehabilitation and Research Center.
   MP25825.

 Ice cream.
   MP25876.

 ICSP/the individualized computational skills program.
   MP25502.

 Identifying potentials for expanded performance.
   MP25696.

 I’d like to see the world.
   MP25558.

 I’d love to change the world.
   MU9175.

 If winter comes.
   R594213.

 Ike Williams versus Beau Jack for the lightweight title, Philadelphia,
    Pennsylvania, July 12, 1948.
   MP25945.

 I know where I’m going.
   R593269.

 I’ll be skiing ya.
   R580300.

 Illinois State Chamber of Commerce.
   LP43907.

 I love you, Frank.
   LP43760.

 Immensee.
   R584009.

 Impasse.
   LP43644.

 I’m satisfied revised.
   MP25785.

 In case of emergency, notify Clint Eastwood.
   LP43698.

 Independent Artists, Ltd.
   LF183.

 Independent Artists (Production) Ltd.
   LF159 - LF163.

 Independent Producers, Ltd.
   LF164.
   R586092.
   R593268.

 Independent School District Number 112, Chaska, MN.
   MP25545.

 Indian conversation.
   MP25754.

 Individual Pictures, Ltd.
   R580646.
   R586094.
   R590126.

 I never saw the Pacific.
   LP43954.

 Inferior decorator.
   R589194.

 Informedia Productions, Ltd.
   MFO-50.

 The Informers.
   LF207.

 Inish Kae, Ltd.
   LP43782.

 Inkeles, Gordon.
   MU9070.

 Inki at the circus.
   R580304.

 In-sight.
   MP25543.

 Institut Fuer Film und Bild.
   MP25508.
   MP25760.

 Insulation, the defensive line.
   MP25616.

 Intelligence men.
   LF195.

 Interaction: a student centered language arts and reading program.
   MP25549.

 Intercom Films, Ltd.
   MP25788.

 Inter-John, Inc.
   R582958.

 International Business Machines Corporation.
   MP25672 - MP25675.
   MP25778 - MP25779.

 International Cinemedia Center.
   LP43880.

 International Cinemedia Center, Ltd.
   LP43739.

 The International Institute of Coiffure Designers Limited, Inc.
   MP25998.
   MP25999.

 International Sports Productions, Inc.
   LP43794.

 Interpersonal process recall.
   MP25725.

 Inter-Wood Productions, Inc.
   R583193.

 In the admiral’s lair.
   R591433.

 In the gorilla’s cage.
   R585736.

 In the year of the pig.
   MP25818.

 Intraco, Inc.
   MP26025.

 Introduction and theory of crime prevention.
   MP25814.

 Introduction to digital logic.
   MP25965.

 Introduction to horse care.
   MP25790.
   MP25791.
   MP25792.

 Introduction to professionalism in selling.
   MP25976.

 Introduction to the science of selling.
   MP25977.

 Investment.
   LP43850.

 Invisible mouse.
   R586993.

 The Invisible wall.
   R593727.

 In white collar America.
   MP25559.

 Ionesco, Eugene.
   LP43687.

 Iowa State University of Science and Technology, Ames.
   MP25811.
   MP26084.

 Iowa State University of Science and Technology, Ames. Film Production
    Unit.
   MP25811.
   MP26084.

 Iowa State University of Science and Technology, Ames. Science Film
    Advisory Board.
   MP26084.

 The Iron blood of courage.
   LP43873.

 Ironside.
   LP43706.

 Is everybody happy.
   R584094.

 Is everybody listening?
   MP26043.

 It had to be you.
   R593902.

 It happened on Fifth Avenue.
   R588503.

 It happens in the streets.
   MU9042.

 It’s a duffer’s world.
   MU9037.

 It’s a grand old nag.
   R590892.

 It’s all up to you.
   MP25545.

 It started in Paradise.
   LF189.

 It’s your heart.
   MP25617.

 Ivy.
   R583193.

 I walk alone.
   R585723.

 I want to work for your company.
   LP43670.

 I wonder who’s kissing her now.
   R583803.


                                   J

 Jack, Jeff.
   LP43812.

 Jack Armstrong, chap. no. 13.
   R582965.

 Jack Candies, Ltd.
   MP25924.

 James, John Thomas.
   LP43700.

 James A. Michener.
   MP25923.

 Jane Heller.
   MP25646.

 Jan Ferraris.
   MP25652.

 Janus Films, Inc.
   R591845.

 Jensen-Salsbery Laboratories Division, division of Richardson-Merrell,
    Inc. SEE Richardson-Merrell, Inc. Jensen-Salsbery Laboratories
    Division.

 Jersey Joe Walcott versus Ezzard Charles, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
    June 5, 1952.
   MP25943.

 Jesse James rides again.
   R582734.

 Jesus Christ Superstar.
   LP43776.

 Jewels of Brandenburg.
   R583797.

 Jigsaw.
   LP43698 - LP43705.

 Joe Frazier versus Bob Foster, Detroit, Michigan, November 18, 1970.
   MP25937.

 Joe Frazier versus Eddie Machen, Los Angeles, California, November 21,
    1966.
   MP25936.

 Joe Frazier versus Jerry Quarry, New York City, New York, June 23,
    1969.
   MP25942.

 Joe Frazier versus Jimmy Ellis for world heavyweight title. New York,
    February 16, 1970.
   MP25940.

 Joe Frazier versus Manuel Ramos, New York City, New York, June 24,
    1968.
   MP25938.

 Joe Frazier versus Oscar Bonavena, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, December
    10, 1968.
   MP25927.

 John Keats: his life and death.
   MP25887.

 John Keats: poet.
   MP25900.

 Johns-Manville Corporation.
   MP25616.

 Johnson, Crockett.
   LP43758.

 Johnson (Lyndon Baines) Foundation.
   MP25506.

 Johnson and Johnson.
   MP26026.

 Jones, Charles M.
   LP43793.

 Jones (Chuck) Enterprises.
   LP43793.

 Josephine Baker at the Folies-Bergere.
   LP43731.

 Journal Films, Inc.
   MP25922.

 Journey of Lyndon Johnson.
   MP25506.

 Journey to the outer limits.
   MP25544.

 The Joy of achievement.
   MP25689.

 Joyous Lake, Inc.
   MP25794.

 The Judge and Jake Wyler.
   LP43710.

 Judgment Film Corporation.
   MP25659.

 Judy Rankin.
   MP25648.
   MP26007.

 Juggernaut.
   LP43888.

 Julian, Harry.
   LP43790.

 Jump shot from the dribble.
   MP25782.

 Jump shots.
   MP25855.

 Jungle closeups.
   R593747.

 Jungle habitat.
   MP25503.

 Junior gets a patron.
   LP43977.

 Junior the senior.
   LP43978.


                                   K

 Kagan, Norman I.
   MP25725.

 Kaplan (Richard) Productions.
   MP26078.

 Kathy Cornelius.
   MP25645.
   MP26008.

 Katsu Production Company, Ltd.
   MU9066.

 Katzenberger, Steven N.
   MP25718.

 Kaybolt Wrecking Company.
   MP25794.

 Kayfetz (Victor) Productions, Inc.
   MP25739.
   MP25740.
   MP25741.

 Kayfetz (Victor) Productions, Inc. Visual Instruction Productions.
   MP25739.
   MP25740.
   MP25741.

 Keats, Ezra Jack.
   LP43682.

 Keeper of the bees.
   R585728.

 Keep your prospect on the track.
   MP25982.

 Keith (Allan) Productions, Inc.
   MP25998.
   MP25999.

 Keleher, Paul A.
   MU9174.

 Kenilworth.
   LF180.

 Kenilworth Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF180.

 Kenjer Martial Arts Productions.
   MP25796.

 KERA-TV (television station)
   MP25808.

 Kerry, Lucyann.
   MP25754.
   MP25755.

 Keyes Hardin Productions.
   MP25948.

 Keypunch formats.
   MP25951.

 Keypunch I/O.
   MP25773.
   MP25774.
   MP25951.

 Key witness.
   R591421.

 Kid.
   MP25578.

 Kid Blue.
   LP43735.

 Kids and birds and European winter.
   MP25508.

 Kiliwa: hunters and gatherers of Baja California.
   MU9078.

 Killer at sea.
   LP43831.

 Killer McCoy.
   R588392.

 King (Martin Luther) Jr. Foundation, Inc.
   MP26078.

 King, Philip.
   LF187.

 King Features Syndicate, a division of the Hearst Corporation. SEE
    Hearst Corporation. King Features Syndicate.

 King-size canary.
   R591484.

 Kingsley International.
   LF193.

 Kiss of death.
   R583805.

 Kiss the dream goodbye.
   LP43699.

 Kitty caddy.
   R593905.

 Kitty’s love affair.
   LP43859.

 Knapp, Cindy.
   MU9040.

 Know when to close.
   MP25982.

 Kohl (Dolores) Educational Foundation.
   MP25581.

 Kravitz (Buddy) Syndicate.
   LP43739.

 K-tel Motion Pictures.
   MP25788.


                                   L

 Laborers-AGC Education and Training Fund.
   MP25714.

 Ladies man.
   MU9159.

 Landau (Ely) Organization, Inc.
   LP43685 - LP43688.

 Landers, Hal.
   LP43679.

 Landmark Educational Media, Inc.
   LP43675.

 Landmark Educational Media, Inc. Landmark Productions, Inc.
   LP43674.

 Land of ahhhs.
   MU9075.

 Land of romance.
   R585013.

 Land of the lawless.
   R588504.

 L—and pi—type high pass filters.
   MP25521.

 L—and pi—type low pass filters.
   MP25523.

 Lane, Mark.
   MP25659.

 Lantz (Walter) Productions.
   R583202.
   R584819.

 Lardos Anstalt.
   R587974.

 Larkin, Christopher.
   MP25546.

 Last days of Boot Hill.
   R593901.

 Last detail.
   LP43912.

 Last frontier uprising.
   R582725.

 Last of the Redmen.
   R585732.

 Last round-up.
   R589339.

 Late George Apley.
   R583795.

 The Law comes to Gunsight.
   R594065.

 Lawrence, David Herbert.
   LP43778.

 Lawrence, Jerome.
   LP43764.

 Lea, Timothy.
   LP43910.

 League of gentlemen.
   LF193.

 Lear, Norman.
   LP43835 - LP43853.

 Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. SEE Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Learning
    Company of America.

 Learning Company of America, a division of Screen Gems, Inc. SEE Screen
    Gems, Inc. Learning Company of America.

 Learning Corporation of America.
   LP43880 - LP43887.
   LP43941.

 Learning Resources Center, College of DuPage. SEE College of DuPage,
    Glen Ellyn, IL. Learning Resources Center.

 Learning with today’s media.
   MP25902.

 Leave us chase it.
   R582961.

 Lee, Robert E.
   LP43764.

 Lee Creative Communications, Inc.
   MP25752.

 Lee Dubois course in selling techniques.
   MP25976 - MP25992.

 Legacy of a dream.
   MP26078.

 Leibovit, Arnold L.
   MP25815.

 Leptodora kindtii (Cladoceran branchiopod).
   MP25660.

 Leslie, Robert Franklin.
   LP43779.

 Let’s hear it for a living legend.
   LP43711.

 Let sleeping bags lie.
   LF196.

 Let’s sing a song of the West.
   R587022.

 Leucocyte movement.
   MP25665.

 Lew Lehr’s dribble-puss parade.
   R593734.

 Life at stake.
   LP43650.

 Life for Ruth.
   LF201.

 Life is a four-letter ward.
   LF197.

 Light and power.
   R593737.

 Like old times.
   LP43870.

 Lindberg, Bonnie K.
   MP25613.

 Lindberg, James S.
   MP25613.

 Listen well, learn well.
   MP25732.

 Little airplane that grew.
   LP43887.

 A Little game.
   LP43717.

 Little girl.
   MP25650.
   MP25877.

 The Little mermaid.
   LP43696.

 Little Miss Broadway.
   R582967.

 Little orphan airedale.
   R590799.

 The Living plant cell.
   MP25664.

 Living river.
   MP25954.

 Llenroc Productions, Inc.
   LP43919.

 Loading and transportation.
   MP25791.

 Lobstertown.
   R593738.

 Locomotion in fishes.
   MP25864.

 Locomotion in invertebrates.
   MP25862.

 Loew’s, Inc.
   R581038 - R581042.
   R581194.
   R582318.
   R583044.
   R583370.
   R583371.
   R584732 - R584734.
   R584968 - R584970.
   R586993.
   R588088 - R588090.
   R588392.
   R589600.
   R590967.
   R591484.
   R591703.
   R591704.
   R592965.
   R592966.
   R594212.
   R594213.
   R594214.

 The Lone Wolf in London.
   R591427.

 The Longest yard.
   LP43772.

 Long live love.
   R583551.

 Long memory.
   LF186.

 Long Road Productions.
   LP43772.

 Lord, Walter.
   LF177.

 Lose the fear of the explosive “No.”
   MP25985.

 Lost in the mish-mosh.
   LP43747.

 Lost in the stars.
   LP43688.

 The Lost people.
   LF182.

 Lovebirds.
   LP43846.

 Love life—Steve Moynahan.
   MP25878.

 LSB Productions.
   LP43908.

 Lunch.
   MP25579.

 Lund, Doris Herold.
   LP43683.

 Lured.
   R584879.

 Lure of the North.
   MU9041.

 Luther.
   LP43685.

 Lynchtown.
   LP43863.

 Lyons, Karlen.
   MP25802.


                                   M

 Mad about men.
   LF176.

 Magic carpet.
   LP43709.

 The Magic scarab (superstition).
   MP25623.

 Magic tree.
   LP43674.

 Magnificent doll.
   R582959.

 Magnum force.
   LP43790.

 Maharishi International University, Goleta, CA.
   MP25713.

 Major News Library.
   R580412 - R580415.
   R583572 - R583577.
   R583579 - R583582.
   R583853.
   R584199 - R584200.
   R584880 - R584882.
   R585382 - R585383.
   R585724 - R585725.
   R587208 - R587213.
   R587990 - R587991.
   R588303 - R588304.
   R589462 - R589463.
   R590468.
   R590680 - R590683.
   R591171.
   R591818.
   R592644.
   R592645.
   R592646.
   R592891.
   R592892.
   R593433.
   R594147.
   R594148.
   R594149.

 Make mine mink.
   LF175.

 Male and female in plants and animals.
   MP25912.

 Malpaso Company.
   LP43790.

 Mame.
   LP43764.

 Mammals that gnaw.
   MP25914.

 Man: a course of study.
   MP26010.

 The Management of time.
   MP25694.

 Man and his world series.
   MP25760.

 Man behind the dollar.
   MP25917.

 Manges, Kenneth.
   MP25997.

 Mann (Ted) Productions.
   LP43737.

 Man of the moment.
   LF179.

 Man’s humanity.
   MU9079.

 Manual positive pressure ventilation (bag and mask)
   MP25826.

 Marathon “Swashbuckle showdown.”
   MP25638.

 March of time.
   MP25747.
   MP26035 - MP26047.
   R584088 - R584098.
   R587470.

 Marrow, Alfred J.
   MP25609.
   MP25610.
   MP25611.

 Marshall Maintenance.
   MP25529.
   MP25530.
   MP25728.

 Marshall of Cripple Creek.
   R582741.

 Mars, Inc.
   MP25638.

 Martin (Burt) Associates.
   LP43963.

 Martin, Marjorie D.
   MU9142.

 Massage.
   MU9070.

 Master technicians service conference, session no. 75–2.
   MP26048.

 Mathematics for elementary school students.
   MP26063 - MP26067.

 Matheson, Richard.
   LP43718.

 Matofsky, Harvey.
   LP43745.

 Matt’s love story.
   LP43856.

 Maude.
   LP43835 - LP43853.

 Max Blunder, meet your chopper.
   MP26083.

 May, Allegra.
   MP25801.
   MP25802.

 May God have mercy.
   LP43960.

 MCA-TV.
   LP43697 - LP43707.
   LP43709 - LP43725.
   LP43756.
   LP43803 - LP43805.
   LP43932 - LP43938.

 McDermott (Gerald) Films, Inc.
   LP43675.

 McFarland, Jim, 3rd.
   MU9175.

 McGraw-Hill, Inc.
   MP25804 - MP25807.

 McQ.
   LP43741.

 McShane, Mark.
   LF165.

 Measuring blood pressure, an introduction for paramedical personnel.
   MP25761.

 Mechanical Bank Collectors of America.
   MP25815.

 Mechanical models of psychotherapy.
   MP25775.

 Media Associates.
   MP25725.

 Medical Center.
   LP43641 - LP43664.
   LP43798 - LP43801.
   LP43959 - LP43962.

 Meet Arna Bontemps.
   MP25847.

 Meet Arnold Lobel.
   MP25834.

 Meet Eleanor Cameron.
   MP25846.

 Meet Elizabeth Gray Vining.
   MP25839.

 Meet Eve Merriam.
   MP25833.

 Meet Ezra Jack Keats.
   MP25848.

 Meet James Michener.
   MP25923.

 Meet Jean Fritz.
   MP25828.

 Meet Jeanne and Robert Bendick.
   MP25844.

 Meet Joan Lexau.
   MP25840.

 Meet Joe and Beth Krush.
   MP25838.

 Meet Joseph Krumgold.
   MP25845.

 Meet Judy Blume.
   MP25831.

 Meet Keith Robertson.
   MP25832.

 Meet Kristin Hunter.
   MP25830.

 Meet Letta Schatz.
   MP25829.

 Meet Lloyd Alexander, Evaline Ness, Ann Durrell.
   MP25843.

 Meet Lynd Ward and May McNeer.
   MP25827.

 Meet Madeleine L’Engle.
   MP25842.

 Meet Marguerite de Angeli.
   MP25837.

 Meet me tonight.
   LF199.

 Meet Pura Belpre.
   MP25835.

 Meet Richard Lewis.
   MP25836.

 Meet Tom and Muriel Feelings.
   MP25841.

 Meet your chopper.
   MP26083.

 Meier, Don.
   MP25767.
   MP25768.

 Meine Frau Teresa.
   R583554.

 Meine Tante, deine Tante.
   R583555.

 Mellnik, Edward.
   LU3677.

 Memorial Enterprises, Ltd.
   LP43777.

 Memorial Enterprises-SAM.
   LP43789.

 Memories within Miss Aggie.
   LP43782.

 Memory Company.
   LP43782.

 Menaced by Ryaks.
   R591429.

 Men and machines.
   R593750.

 Mendelson (Lee) Film Productions, Inc.
   LP43929.

 Mendelson (Lee) Productions.
   LP43781.

 Merck and Company, Inc.
   MP25761.

 Merck and Company, Inc. Merck, Sharp and Dohme.
   MP25761.

 Merkle Services.
   MP25714.

 Merrie Melodies.
   R580303.
   R580304.

 Merry-go-round horse.
   LP43885.

 Merton of the movies.
   R581042.

 Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.
   LP43639 - LP43664.
   LP43798 - LP43801.
   LP43958 - LP43962.
   R581038 - R581042.
   R581194.
   R582318.
   R583044.
   R583370.
   R583371.
   R584732 - R584734.
   R584968 - R584970.
   R586993.
   R588088 - R588090.
   R588392.
   R589600.
   R590967.
   R591484.
   R591703.
   R591704.
   R592965.
   R592966.
   R594212.
   R594213.
   R594214.

 Metromedia Producers Corporation.
   LP43914.

 Mexican joy ride.
   R592815.

 M-G-M TV.
   LP43641 - LP43664.
   LP43798 - LP43801.
   LP43959 - LP43962.

 Michael gets suspended.
   LP43975.

 Michelsen, Ralph C.
   MU9078.

 Mickey down under.
   R582867.

 MIC. SEE New York (City) Department of Health. Maternity, Infant
    Care—Family Planning Projects.

 The Midnight lady and the mourning man.
   LP43743.

 The Midnight man.
   LP43743.

 Midnight rendezvous.
   R587216.

 M.I.5 plus 2 equals 0.
   LF195.

 Mighty Mouse.
   R591488 - R591489.
   R591493.

 Mike’s graduation.
   LP43966.

 Milliammeter shunt actions.
   MP25514.

 Milner-Fenwick, Inc.
   MP25708.
   MP25710.
   MP25925.

 Milner-Fenwick, Inc. Educational Division.
   MP25925.

 Mind my chopper!
   LF198.

 Miracle at Oakmont—The 1973 U.S. Open.
   LP43794.

 Miracle on 34th Street.
   R583799.

 Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc.
   LP43726.
   LP43727.
   LP43728.
   LP43783.
   LP43784.
   LP43920.
   LP43921.

 Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng.
   LP43765.
   LP43766.

 Missed period.
   MP25751.

 Mixed company.
   LP43919.

 Moberg, Vilhelm.
   LP43813.

 Mobilizing help in achieving goals.
   MP25695.

 Model, revised.
   MU9018.

 Modern school mathematics film loops.
   LP43638.

 Molluscs of the coral reef.
   MP25870.

 Monday Film Production Company.
   MP25818.

 Monogram Pictures Corporation.
   R581550.
   R581551.
   R583818.
   R584640.
   R584641.
   R584642.
   R585844.
   R585845.
   R588501.
   R588502.
   R588504.
   R588505.
   R591328.
   R591573.
   R594065.
   R594066.

 Montage Creations, Inc.
   MP25546.

 Monuments to erosion.
   MP25884.

 Moody Institute of Science, Whittier, CA.
   MP25636.
   MP25637.

 Moody Institute of Science, Whittier, CA. Educational Film Division.
   MP25636.
   MP25637.

 Moore, George.
   LF164.

 Moran—bike.
   MP25881 - MP25882.

 More about me.
   MP25654.

 More than a dream.
   MP25966.

 Mor-Film Fare.
   LP43958.

 Mosel, Arlene.
   LP43684.

 Moss Rose.
   R583800.

 The Most crucial game.
   LP43933.

 The Most dangerous match.
   LP43938.

 The Most marvelous cat.
   LP43771.

 Mother Dogfather.
   LP43920.

 Mother hubba-hubba Hubbard.
   R582963.

 Mother’s deadly helper.
   LP43830.

 Mother wore tights.
   R584188.

 Motion of stars.
   MP25551.

 Motion Picture Department, Brigham Young University. SEE Brigham Young
    University, Provo, UT. Motion Picture Department.

 Motion Picture Division, Broyles, Allebaugh and Davis, Inc. SEE
    Broyles, Allebaugh and Davis, Inc. Motion Picture Division.

 Motion Pictures International, Inc.
   LP43778.

 Motions of attracting bodies.
   MP25556.

 Motorola.
   MP25721.
   MP25722.

 Motorola Teleprograms, Inc.
   MP25993 - MP25996.

 Motors Insurance Corporation.
   MP25513.

 Mountain family in Europe.
   MP25760.

 A Mouse in the house.
   R583371.

 Movie Makers, Inc.
   MP25962.

 Movie of the week.
   LP43713.
   LP43715 - LP43720.
   LP43722 - LP43725.

 Movie of the weekend.
   LP43712 - LP43725.

 Movies go West.
   MP25854.

 Movietone adventures.
   R593744.
   R593746.
   R593747.

 Movietone sports review.
   R593732.

 Movietone’s sports review.
   R593745.

 Moyer, Martin.
   MP25954.
   MP26011.

 Moyer (Martin) Productions.
   MP25954.
   MP26011.

 Mrs. B.
   MP25651.

 Mrs. Liddle/bowling.
   MP25644.

 Much ado about nothing.
   LP43952.

 Muhammad Ali (Cassius Clay), champion, versus George Chuvalo,
    challenger, for the heavyweight championship of the world, Maple
    Leaf Gardens, Toronto, Canada, March 29, 1966.
   MP25926.

 Muhammed Ali versus Henry Cooper.
   MP25928.
   MP25934.

 Muhammed Ali versus Jimmy Ellis, Houston Astrodome, July 26, 1971.
   MP25932.

 Muhammad Ali versus Karl Mildenberger, Frankfurt, Germany, September
    10, 1966.
   MP25946.

 Muhammed Ali versus Oscar Bonavena, New York, New York, December 7,
    1970.
   MP25931.

 Mulberry Square Productions, Inc.
   LP43795.

 Multiplying with fractions.
   LP43748.

 Munchhausen.
   R584559.

 Murder is a taxing affair.
   LP43818.

 Murder on the wild side.
   LP43812.

 Murder with a golden touch.
   LP43828.

 Music hath charms.
   LP43845.

 Mutations.
   LP43915.

 Mutual of Omaha.
   MP25767.
   MP25768.

 Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom.
   MP25767.
   MP25768.

 My aunt, your aunt.
   R583555.

 My brother’s keeper.
   R593274.

 My fair laddie.
   LP43955.

 My son, the lover.
   LP43981.

 Mystery movie.
   LP43756.

 The Mystery of the map.
   R591428.

 Myth as fiction, history, and ritual.
   MP25889.

 Myth as science, religion and drama.
   MP25890.

 My wife Teresa.
   R583554.


                                   N

 The N.A.P.M. Purchasing Techniques Committee. SEE The National
    Association of Purchasing Management. Purchasing Techniques
    Committee.

 National Association of Progressive Radio Announcers, Inc.
   MP26012 - MP26015.

 The National Association of Purchasing Management, Inc.
   LP43695.

 The National Association of Purchasing Management. Purchasing
    Techniques Committee.
   LP43695.

 National Broadcasting Company, Inc.
   MP25559.
   MP25729.
   MP25966.

 The National Foundation.
   MP25707.
   MP25708.
   MP25710.

 National Geographic Society.
   MP25544.
   MP25584.
   MP25642.
   MP25643.
   MP25849.
   MP25850.

 National Park Service, Department of the Interior. SEE Department of
    the Interior. National Park Service.

 National Safety Council.
   MP25851.
   MP25852.
   MP25853.

 National Science Foundation.
   MP26010.
   MP26084.

 National State Bank of Boulder (CO).
   MU9155.

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
   R582730.
   R582732.
   R582742.
   R582958.
   R582959.

 National Theatre Company.
   LF184.

 Nature and control of canine hookworm disease.
   MP25787.

 Nautilus.
   MU9040.

 NBC mystery movie.
   LP43932 - LP43938.

 Neat glue for neat people—back to school.
   MP25824.

 The Neptune factor.
   LP43740.

 Nervous shakedown.
   R582962.

 A New ball game for Willie Mays.
   LP43929.

 New emission controls.
   MP25916.

 New France.
   R584092.

 New hot job.
   MP25653.

 New land.
   LP43813.

 Newman, G. F.
   LP43762.

 Newman’s law.
   LP43769.

 News hounds.
   R583818.

 News of the day.
   R581656 - R581663.
   R583409 - R583417.
   R585027 - R585035.
   R586853 - R586860.
   R589329 - R589338.
   R592179 - R592186.

 Newton: the mind that found the future.
   LP43880.

 New trains for old.
   MP26041.

 A New way of learning.
   MP25610.

 New York (City) Department of Health. Maternity, Infant Care—Family
    Planning Projects.
   MP26085.

 New Yorker Films.
   MP25818.

 New York State Coalition for Family Planning.
   MU9038.

 New York Zoological Society.
   MU9067.

 New zebra in town (acceptance).
   MP25625.

 Nick Carter.
   LP43713.

 Night chase.
   LP43940.

 Night club boom.
   R584088.

 Nightmare.
   LP43651.

 Nightmare alley.
   R593726.

 Nightmare in blue.
   LP43829.

 Nights of Wenceslas.
   LF203.

 Night Theatre.
   MU9175.

 A Night to remember.
   LF177.

 Night unto night.
   R580302.

 Noah’s ark.
   LP43748.

 Nobody’s children.
   R584098.

 Noel, Sterling.
   LF166.

 No escape.
   LP43656.

 Nondomestic field problems.
   MP25757.

 Norlan.
   LP43743.

 Northrop, Sandy.
   MP25614.

 Northwest outpost.
   R582731.

 Northwest passage.
   LP43639.

 Not a sparrow falls.
   MP25810.

 Nothing but the night.
   LF208.

 No time.
   MP25997.

 Nurse carries on again.
   LF197.

 The Nurture of Nell.
   LP43759.

 Nutrition and black Americans.
   MP25752.


                                   O

 Oakmont Pictures, Inc.
   R584879.

 Obstetrics/gynecology health series.
   MP25925.

 October man.
   LF158.
   R590128.

 Octopus behavior.
   MP25859.

 Octopus, eggs and young.
   MU9067.

 Officer training.
   MP25757.
   MP25758.
   MP25759.

 Official fight pictures, Muhammad Ali (Cassius Clay) versus Ernie
    Terrell.
   MP25933.

 Official motion pictures, Muhammad Ali (Cassius Clay) versus Jerry
    Quarry.
   MP25935.

 Ohmmeters—series and shunt.
   MP25517.

 The Old red mill.
   MP25963.

 Old Reliable, tomorrow’s mining system, today.
   MU9021.

 Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation. SEE General Motors
    Corporation. Oldsmobile Division.

 The Old soldier.
   LP43947.

 O lucky man.
   LP43789.

 Omni Pictures Corporation.
   LP43889.

 One big happy family.
   LP43816.

 One born every minute.
   LP43833.

 One good turn.
   LF178.

 One jump ahead.
   LF180.

 One note Tony.
   R591494.

 One seeing.
   MU9065.

 One, two, many: early object handling.
   MP25802.

 On Monday next.
   LF187.

 On the beat.
   LF167.

 On the treasure trail.
   R593906.

 On the water wheel.
   R591434.

 Opfergang.
   R583549.

 Opportunities in life insurance.
   MP25567.

 Optimus Productions.
   LP43775.

 Oregon Trail scouts.
   R582732.

 Organization made easy by the day.
   MP25991.

 Organization of Tropical Studies.
   MP25811.

 “Origami”—free form.
   MP25724.

 “Origami”—geometrical form.
   MP25723.

 Orthodontics: a special kind of dentistry.
   MP25641.

 Osborne, John.
   LP43685.

 The Osborn Manufacturing Company.
   MP25962.

 Otter Productions.
   MP25581.

 Our time.
   LP43757.

 Out of the rain.
   MU9073.

 The Overture to William Tell.
   R583202.

 Oxford Amusement Corporation. SEE Memory Company.

 Oxygen and iron atoms combining.
   MP25560.


                                   P

 Pacific adventure.
   R585730.

 Palaces of a queen.
   LF200.

 Palffy-Alpar, Julius.
   MU9031.

 Palladium Productions.
   LP43957.

 Palmer, Stuart.
   LP43724.

 Palomar Pictures.
   LP43957.

 Palomar Pictures International, Inc.
   LP43736.
   LP43738.

 Pam Higgins.
   MP25879 - MP25880.

 Pandas: a gift from China.
   MP25886.

 The Panther’s prey.
   R593909.

 The Parallax view.
   LP43730.

 Paramecium.
   MP26058.

 Paramount Pictures Corporation.
   LP43730.
   LP43732.
   LP43733.
   LP43739.
   LP43761.
   LP43772.

 Paramount Pictures Corporation.—Con.
   LP43796.
   LP43878.
   LP43911.
   R585723.

 Paramount Pictures, Inc.
   R580300.
   R580412 - R580415.
   R583572 - R583577.
   R583579 - R583582.
   R583853.
   R584199 - R584200.
   R584880 - R584882.
   R585382 - R585383.
   R585724 - R585725.
   R587017.
   R587020.
   R587023 - R587027.
   R587208 - R587213.
   R587990 - R587991.
   R588303 - R588304.
   R589462 - R589463.
   R590468.
   R590680 - R590683.
   R590795.
   R591171.
   R591818.
   R592644 - R592646.
   R592814.
   R592891 - R592892.
   R593022 - R593023.
   R593433.
   R594147 - R594149.

 Parda Federal Credit Union, Detroit.
   MU9154.

 Parental roles: Don and Mae.
   MP25906.

 Parkyn, Leslie.
   LF163.

 Parnassus Productions.
   MU9143.

 The Partners.
   LP43697.

 Passage home.
   LF188.

 Paton, Alan.
   LP43688.

 Patrol procedures 4: Special situations.
   MP25759.

 Patrol procedures 5: Field problems.
   MP25757.

 Patterson, Robert.
   R585843.

 Paul, Belsonia.
   MP25613.

 Paulve, Andre.
   R591845.

 Pay the twenty dollars.
   LP43965.

 PBR Productions, Inc.
   LP43911.

 Peace child.
   MP25750.

 The Peacemaker.
   MP25964.

 Peanuts—and the peanut butter plant.
   MP25618.

 The Peasant’s pea patch.
   LP43691.

 Penny Lane.
   MP25815.

 Pentagon.
   LF182.

 Peron’s return.
   MP25539.

 Persky-Bright.
   LP43930.

 Persky-Bright Associates.
   LP43912.
   LP43942.

 Person to person, making communications work for you.
   LP43672.

 Perspective Films, a division of Esquire, Inc. SEE Esquire, Inc.
    Perspective Films.

 Perspective on the PMA.
   MP25699.

 Perspective on the program for management achievement.
   MP25699.

 Pest in the house.
   R585009.

 Petok, Ted.
   LP43964.

 Petok, William.
   MP25997.

 Pfizer, Inc.
   MP25656.
   MP25735.

 Phagocytosis.
   MP25667.

 Phantom blade.
   MU8151.

 Phase 4.
   LP43911.

 Philco-Ford Corporation.
   MU9167.

 Phillip’s problem.
   LP43851.

 Photodinesis: chloroplast movements in response to light.
   MP25668.

 Physical and vocal symptoms of satisfaction.
   MP25984.

 Picnic.
   MP25577.

 Pilot Productions, Inc.
   MP25851.

 The Pillars of midnight.
   LF202.

 Pink aye.
   LP43765.

 Pink Panther.
   LP43765 - LP43766.

 Pinocchio’s birthday party.
   MP25788.

 Pirates of Monterey.
   R591746.

 Pixillation.
   LP43906.

 A Place for Aunt Lois.
   MP25736.

 Placental circulation.
   MP26081.

 Place to learn.
   MP25505.

 Place to place.
   LP43746.

 Planetary motion and Kepler’s laws.
   MP25554.

 Play and plenty.
   R584820.

 Playbuoy for fun! For sport! For exercise!
   MP25947.

 Play—is trying out.
   MP25801.

 Play it as it lays.
   LP43808.

 Pluto’s blue note.
   R589192.

 Pluto’s purchase.
   R584626.

 Poetic Films, Ltd.
   LF169.
   LF171.

 A Poet’s world.
   MP26016.

 Poisonous plants.
   MP25753.

 A Pond.
   MP25955.

 Ponicsan, Darryl.
   LP43912.

 Pool sharks.
   MP25501.

 Popcorn lady.
   MP26060.

 Popeye and the pirates.
   R587017.

 Population Dynamics.
   MP25751.

 Porcelain enchantments.
   MP25717.

 Porter, William Sidney.
   R584640.

 Portland State University (OR)
   MP25716.

 Possessed.
   R583123.

 Potterton Productions, Inc.
   LP43696.

 Powell, Gerald Wayne.
   MU9068.

 Power behind the nation.
   R587018.

 PPG Industries, Inc.
   MP25580.

 Practical applications.
   MP25611.

 Prairie Bible Institute.
   MP25750.

 Prediction initiative: cerebral cortex and its areas.
   MU9023.

 Pre-gate, 1973.
   MU9068.

 Prejudice.
   MP26002.

 Prenatal development.
   MP26000.

 Presenting your product.
   MP25678.

 The Presidential year.
   MP26047.

 President’s Council on Physical Fitness.
   MP25899.

 Pressman-Williams, Badlands, Ltd.
   LP43811.

 Pressman-Williams Enterprises, Inc.
   LP43792.

 Primal windsong.
   MU9071.

 Primary Medical Communications, Inc.
   MU9038.

 Prime time.
   LP43752.
   MU9019.

 The Prisoners.
   LP43961.

 Privilege.
   LP43777.

 Probableman.
   LP43749.

 Problem drinkers.
   R584091.

 Procter and Gamble Company.
   MU9153.

 Professional Films, Inc.
   LP43667.

 Professional Selling Institute, Inc.
   MP25567 - MP25576.

 Profiles in literature.
   MP25827 - MP25848.
   MP25923.

 Profiles of achievement.
   MP25673.

 Program for management achievement.
   MP25690 - MP25699.

 Programming in a VS environment.
   MP25583.
   MP25737.

 Progressive Broadcasting Foundation.
   MP26012 - MP26015.

 Promised land, troubled land.
   MP25540.

 Prospecting the million dollar year.
   MP25569.

 Psychology today film.
   MP26000.
   MP26001.
   MP26002.

 Public Communication Foundation for North Texas, Dallas.
   MP25808.

 Public Media, Inc.
   MP25760.

 Public Media, Inc. Visual Education Centre.
   MP25508.

 Public relations, this means you.
   MP26046.

 Pursuit driving, Defensive driving 4.
   MP25758.

 Pyramids.
   LP43902.


                                   Q

 Quadrant films, Ltd.
   LP43740.

 Quality, a constant search.
   LP43695.

 Queen is crowned.
   LF185.

 Queen’s diamonds.
   LF190.

 Quick cuts.
   MU9162.


                                   R

 Raccoon story: a Menomini Indian folktale.
   MP26061.

 Raiders of the South.
   R584641.

 Raising performance expectations.
   MP25690.

 Ramic Productions.
   MP25635.

 Ramsgate Films.
   MP25612.

 Rand’s treachery.
   R591432.

 Rank, J. Arthur.
   LF158.

 Rank (J. Arthur) Film Distributors, Ltd.
   LF179.

 Rank (J. Arthur) Organisation.
   LF166.
   LF183.
   LF185 - LF189.
   LF192.

 Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.
   LF169.
   LF173.
   LF175.
   LF177.
   LF191.
   LF193.
   LF194.
   LF196.
   LF197.
   LF198.
   LF200.
   LF208.
   R580646.
   R586092.
   R586093.
   R586094.
   R590126.
   R590127.
   R590128.
   R593268 - R593275.

 Rankin and child, day of tournament.
   MP25733.

 Rank Organisation.
   LF159 - LF163.
   LF165.
   LF174.
   LF191.
   LF194.
   LF195.

 Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF167 - LF175.
   LF177.
   LF195.
   LF202 - LF207.

 Rank Organisation. Special Features Division.
   LF200.

 Ransohoff (Martin) Productions,
   LP43732.

 Raskin, Ellen.
   LP43692.

 Rastar Pictures.
   LP43931.
   LP43942.

 Rath Packing Company.
   MP25577.
   MP25578.
   MP25579.

 Ravi Shankar.
   MP26014.

 Ray Lum: mule trader.
   MP25542.

 Reachin’ for the lightning.
   MP25851.

 Reade (Walter) Organization, Inc.
   LF161.
   LF177.
   LF202.

 Readers Digest.
   MP25658.

 The Reader’s Digest Association, Inc.
   LP43696.

 Recognizing three-dimensional shapes.
   LP43896 - LP43903.

 Recognizing two-dimensional shapes.
   LP43890 - LP43895.

 Recommend.
   MU9147.

 Rectangles.
   LP43895.

 Rectangular solids.
   LP43896.

 Regions Beyond Missionary Union.
   MP25750.

 Remarks and conversations with Helen Frankenthaler.
   MP25716.

 Reno Associates.
   LP43930.

 Repin, Lev.
   MU9028.
   MU9029.
   MU9030.

 Repix, Inc.
   R582725 - R582729.
   R582731.
   R582733 - R582741.
   R590887 - R590897.
   R592268.

 Report on Greece.
   MP25747.
   R587470.

 Republic Productions, Inc.
   R582725 - R582741.
   R586245.
   R588538 - R588539.
   R590888 - R590897.
   R592268.

 Requiem for a falling star.
   LP43936.

 Respect.
   MP25795.

 Revisited.
   MU9039.

 Rhinoceros.
   LP43687.

 RH—the disease and its conquest.
   MP25710.

 Rhythm, rhythm everywhere.
   MP25701.

 Richardson-Merrell, Inc. Jensen-Salsbery Laboratories Division.
   MP25787.

 Richler, Mordecai.
   LP43739.

 Riders of the Lone Star.
   R585727.

 Ride the pink horse.
   R590970.

 Riding the California trail.
   R584640.

 Riffraff.
   R586034.

 Right of way.
   LP43945.

 The Ripple effect.
   MP25674.

 RKO General, Inc.
   R584159 - R584163.
   R586033 - R586037.

 RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
   R584159 - R584163.
   R586033 - R586037.

 Road to Hollywood.
   R581367.

 Robb, Lois Campbell.
   MU9019.

 Robbins (Marty) Enterprises.
   LP43806.
   LP43807.

 Roberts, Bobby.
   LP43679.

 Roberts, Kenneth.
   LP43639.

 Robin Hood of Texas.
   R582735.

 Rohauer, Raymond.
   LU3678.
   MP25501.
   MP25654.
   R581367.

 Romance and dance.
   R587021.

 Romance of the fjords.
   R583816.

 The Romans—life, laughter and laws.
   LP43941.

 Romanticism: revolt of the spirit.
   LP43886.

 Romino, D. J., 2nd
   MU9158.

 Rooney.
   LF174.

 Rooney (Pat) Productions.
   LP43812.

 Rosenkavalier.
   LF171.

 Ross, Lillian Bos.
   LP43745.

 Roth, Richard A.
   LP43757.

 Roundtable Productions, Inc.
   LP43680.
   LP43681.

 Rowls/Woodcrafter.
   MP25548.

 Roy (Ross) Inc.
   MP25676.
   MP25677.
   MP25678.
   MP25800.
   MP25915.
   MP25916.
   MP25917.
   MP26048 - MP26055.
   MP26068 - MP26077.

 Royal ballet.
   LF169.

 Royal four flusher.
   R587020.

 Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, Ltd.
   LF169.

 Royalty of the range.
   R583807.

 Rubber River.
   R590803.

 Ruddy, Albert S.
   LP43772.

 Ruddy (Albert S.) Productions, Inc.
   LP43772.

 Running wild.
   LP43729.

 Rush to judgment.
   MP25659.

 The Russians nobody knows.
   MP26039.

 Rustlers of Devil’s Canyon.
   R582738.


                                   S

 Sacks, Gilbert B.
   MP25947.

 Sacks (Gilbert) Enterprises.
   MP25947.

 Sacred dances of Tibet.
   MU9168.

 Saddle pals.
   R582733.

 Safari so good.
   R592814.

 Safety Department, Union Pacific Railroad. SEE Union Pacific Railroad.
    Safety Department.

 Safety for the new employee.
   MP25728.

 Saga and story in the Old Testament.
   MP25896.

 Saint Peter’s Lutheran Church of New York City
   MP25956.

 Saint Regis Paper Company.
   MP25720.

 Saint Vincent School, Santa Barbara, CA.
   MU9071.

 Salamanders and lizards.
   LP43927.

 Salt water tabby.
   R581041.

 Salvation Army.
   MP25810.

 San Andreas fault.
   MP25892.

 Sandilands (Ron) Inc.
   LP43760.

 Sandler Institutional Films, Inc.
   LP43668 - LP43672.

 Sandler International Films, Inc.
   LP43668 - LP43672.

 Saparoff Films, Inc. Dana Productions.
   MP25689.

 Saracen Films, Ltd.
   LF201.

 Sargassum weed community.
   MP25873.

 Sarge goes to college.
   R594066.

 Satisfied revised.
   MP25785.

 Sausage City.
   MP25744.

 Savage.
   LP43804.

 Sawmill.
   MU9157.

 Schaffer (Robert H.) and Associates.
   MP25690 - MP25699.

 Scheemann.
   R583550.

 Schiffner, Gregg G.
   MU9157.

 Schiffner, Linda D.
   MU9157.

 Schloat (Warren) Productions, Inc.
   MP26034.
   MP26059 - MP26062.

 Schoenfeld Films Distributing Corporation.
   LF171.

 Schooling behavior of fishes.
   MP25856.

 The Schoolmarm.
   LP43874.

 Schwartz, Lillian.
   LP43905 - LP43906.

 Schwartz (Marvin) Productions, Inc.
   LP43735.

 Science Film Advisory Board, Iowa State University. SEE Iowa State
    University, Ames. Science Film Advisory Board.

 Science of glass packaging and handling.
   MP25580.

 Science of survival.
   MP25820.

 SCI teacher training program.
   MP25713.

 Sciuscia.
   R587974.

 The Screaming woman.
   LP43716.

 Screen Gems, Inc.
   R582961.
   R582963.
   R582984.
   R582972.
   R591418.
   R593905.

 Screen Gems, Inc. Learning Company of America.
   LP43884.
   LP43885.
   LP43887.

 Screen News Digest.
   MP25535 - MP25541.

 Screen snapshots, ser. 26, no. 10.
   R582973.

 Sea Hound.
   R591422 - R591423.
   R591428 - R591434.
   R593906 - R593909.

 Seals and Crofts.
   MP26012.

 Seance on a wet afternoon.
   LF165.

 Search—encounters with science.
   MP26010.

 Search for fossil man.
   MP2585O.

 Season of fire.
   MP25957.

 Secondari (John) Productions, Ltd.
   LP43941.

 Second chance.
   R583802.

 Second honeymoon.
   LP43972.

 Secret life of Walter Mitty.
   R586509.
   R586510.

 Secret of the skyroom.
   R587224.

 Secret sharer.
   MP25897.

 Secrets of success and how you can take advantage of inflation.
   MP25575.

 The Secret to success.
   MP25992.

 Secret witness.
   LP43834.

 Section of Orthopedic Surgery, School of Medicine, Yale University. SEE
    Yale University. School of Medicine. Section of Orthopedic Surgery.

 Security surveys in manufacturing.
   MP25995.

 See ’n tell series.
   MP25508.

 See the man run.
   LP43714.

 Selling to women.
   MP25800.

 Sell price with strength.
   MP26049.

 Sennett, Mack.
   R581367.

 Series and parallel resonance.
   MP25527.

 Series of the greats.
   MP25567 - MP25576.

 Servant of the people.
   MP25538.

 Setting up an aquarium.
   LP43925.

 Seven days to a killing.
   LP43770.

 Seven forms of evidence.
   MP25980.

 Seven keys to baldpate.
   R586035.

 The Seventh mandarin.
   LP43693.

 Sex and the Evans family.
   LP43976.

 Sex role development.
   MP26001.

 Shachter, Jaqueline.
   MP25827 - MP25848.
   MP25923.

 Shaffer, Anthony
   LP43736.

 The Shakers.
   MP25738.

 Shanks.
   LP43796.

 Shape up.
   MP26064.

 The Shattered mask.
   LP43959.

 Shaw, George Bernard.
   MP25654.

 The Sherwin-Williams Company.
   MP25962.

 Shirley.
   LP43725.

 Shoe-shine.
   R587974.

 Shorin ryu kata, goju-shiho.
   MP25796.

 Showcorporation.
   LF169.

 Shrimps of the coral reef.
   MP25867.

 Shuttle streaming in the slime mold Physarum polycephalum.


 Sidewalks and similes.
   MP26017.

 Silo Cinema, Inc.
   LP43667.

 Silver Burdett.
   MP26063 - MP26067.

 Silverstein, Shel.
   LP43767.

 Silverton Productions, Inc.
   LP43715.
   LP93719.

 Singapore.
   R584816.

 Singer, Loren.
   LP43730.

 Sioux City Sue.
   R586245.

 Sirius and the White Dwarf.
   MP25553.

 Sir you bastard.
   LP43762.

 Sisters.
   LP43792.

 Six-gun law.
   R593904.

 Six-gun serenade.
   R585844.

 Sixty minutes.
   MP26027 - MP26033.

 Ski injuries.
   MP26026.

 Skipping.
   MP26004.
   MP26005.

 Skittles filled kids.
   MP25924.

 Slap happy lion.
   R584732.

 Slave girl.
   R584817.

 Sleuth.
   LP43736.

 The Small cars from Chrysler Corporation.
   MP26069.

 Smoky River serenade.
   R585733.

 The Snoop Sisters.
   LP43707.

 Snowman.
   R583550.

 Societe Nouvelle Pathe Cinema.
   R589668.

 Solar eclipse, ’73.
   MP25643.

 Something in the wind.
   R584814.

 Something’s missing.
   MP26065.

 Song of love.
   R581194.

 Song of the thin man.
   R582318.

 Son of Rusty.
   R585731.

 Son of Zorro.
   R582728.

 Sound out films.
   MP25549.

 Soup.
   LU3679.

 Soup’s on.
   R589513.

 Southern California Permanente Medical Group.
   MP25719.

 Southern Council of Optometrists, Inc.
   MP25562.

 Soviets’ neighbor—Czechoslovakia.
   R584096.

 Space odyssey.
   MU9072.

 Spanish gold.
   R591423.

 Sparrow Productions.
   MP25810.

 Special Features Division of the Rank Organisation. SEE Rank
    Organisation. Special Features Division.

 A Special kind of dentistry.
   MP25641.

 Special situations.
   MP25759.

 Spectre.
   LP43659

 Spheres.
   LP43898.

 Sport of kings.
   R582971.

 Sports Instructions Aids.
   MP25780 - MP25784.
   MP25855.

 Sportsman’s playground.
   R583124.

 Sports parade.
   R580305.

 Sports review.
   R593732.

 Springtime in the ghetto.
   LP43980.

 Squares.
   LP43892.

 Stacey Productions, Ltd.
   LP43697.

 Stand up like a man.
   MU9066.

 Stannett (L. S.) Company.
   MP25740.
   MP25741.

 Star clusters.
   MP25555.

 Star system Xi Ursae Majoris.
   MP25550.

 A Step at a time.
   MP25707.

 A Step out of line.
   LP43943.

 Steps to success in selling life insurance.
   MP25572.

 Stern von Rio.
   R584010.

 Stevie Wonder.
   MP26013.

 A Stitch in crime.
   LP43935.

 Stitch in time.
   LF172.
   LP43836.
   LP43837.

 Stoney (George C.) Associates.
   MP2556.

 Stop a fire before it starts.
   MP25853.

 Storey, David.
   LF162.

 Stork bites man.
   R590887.

 Storm over Britain.
   MP26038.

 Storms: the restless atmosphere.
   MP25888.

 Strange on the range.
   LP43727.

 The Stranger.
   LP43745.

 The Stranger from Ponca City.
   R582968.

 Stranger in two worlds.
   LP43647.

 The Strange story of a frog who became a prince.
   LP43694.

 Struggle for Vicksburg.
   MP25817.

 The Sugarland Express.
   LP43768.

 Summer holiday.
   R591704.

 Summer wishes, winter dreams.
   LP43942.

 Sunday torch.
   LP43817.

 The Supermarket.
   MP25657.

 The Super salesman.
   R591490.

 Surfboard rhythm.
   R588090.

 Surgical treatment of hypernasality.
   MU9022.

 Susan was evil.
   LP43865.

 Sutherland (John) Productions, Inc.
   R591937.
   R592080 - R592088.

 Svensk Filmindustri.
   LP43813.

 Swashbuckle showdown.
   MP25638.

 Sweet Genevieve.
   R591425.

 Sweetheart of Sigma Chi.
   R581551.

 Swing the western way.
   R582970.

 Swiss tease.
   R591418.

 Switch.
   MU9163.

 Sykes.
   MP26056.

 Sylva, Kathy.
   MP25801.


                                   T

 Taffy’s imagination (fear of the dark)
   MP25627.

 Taj Mahal.
   MP26015.

 The Take.
   LP43762.

 Take my life.
   R593268.

 The Taking of Pelham one two three.
   LP43957.

 Tale of King Midas.
   MP25885.

 Tale of Rumpelstiltskin.
   MP25905.

 Tales of Manhattan.
 LU3678.

 The Talking magpies in Flying south.
   R591491.

 Tanbark champions.
   R583809.

 Tandem Productions, Inc.
   LP43835 - LP43853.
   LP43965 - LP43981.

 Tantalus, Inc.
   MP25507.

 Tawny Pipit.
   R593272.

 Tax audit.
   LP43849.

 Taylor, Stanley B.
   MP25706.

 The Teachers’ crisis.
   MP26037.

 Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation. SEE A-V Corporation.
    Teaching Films, Inc.

 Technique for lifting.
   MP25852.

 Ted Ziegler and his folding dome meet Bucky Fuller.
   MU9077.

 Teenage relationships: Venessa and her friends.
   MP25908.

 Telephone techniques to get appointments.
   MP25990.

 Tell ’em where to get it.
   MP26055.

 Tenafly.
   LP43708.

 Tender years.
   R589461.

 Tennis in rhythm.
   R584970.

 Tennis town.
   R590801.

 Tenth Avenue angel.
   R594212.

 Terminal man.
   LP43787.

 Terr-Filmkunst.
   R584014.

 Territoriality in reef animals.
   MP25866.

 Terry-Toons, Inc.
   R591488 - R591494.

 The Texas chain saw massacre.
   LU3676.

 Texas. Criminal Justice Division.
   MP25813 - MP25814.
   MP25993 - MP25996.

 Text of light.
   MP25816.

 Texture Films, Inc.
   LP43674.
   LP43675.

 The T-group experience for individual and organizational effectiveness,
    film 1.
   MP25609.

 The T-group experience for individual and organizational effectiveness,
    film 2.
   MP25610.

 The T-group experience for individual and organizational effectiveness,
    film 3.
   MP25611.

 Thailand: past and present.
   MP25705.

 That Hagen girl.
   R592812.

 That’s entertainment.
   LP43640.

 That’s my gal.
   R582730.

 That’s my man.
   R582729.

 They’re off.
   R580998.

 They steal cars, don’t they?
   LP43697.

 They won’t believe me.
   R584159.

 Thicker.
   MU9025.

 Thin air.
   LP43699.

 Third world.
   MP25536.

 This happy breed.
   R593271.

 This sporting life.
   LF162.

 This time for keeps.
   R588088.

 Thomas (Tom) Organization.
   MP25720.

 Thorne Films, Inc.
   MP25856 - MP25874.

 Three-cornered cage.
   LP43800.

 Three Musketeers.
   LF190.

 Three sisters.
   LF184.

 Threshold: the Blue Angels experience.
   MP25920.

 Thunder in the valley.
   R583806.

 Thunder Mountain.
   R584161.

 Tiara Tahiti.
   LF168.

 Tikki tikki tembo.
   LP43684.

 A Time for learning.
   MP26010.

 Time, Inc.
   MP25747.
   MP26035 - MP26047.
   R584088 - R584098.
   R587470.

 Time of darkness.
   LP43642.

 Time to discover.
   MP25750.

 A Time to heal.
   MP25919.

 Tizzard, Edward G.
   MP25750.

 T-men in action.
   MP26044.

 Tobis Klangfilm.
   R583554.
   R584010.

 Tobis Zeigt.
   R584006.
   R584008.

 Tomorrow Entertainment, Inc.
   LP43755.

 Tomorrow’s Mexico.
   R584090.

 Tonight at 8:30.
   LF199.

 Tonometry.
   MP25959.

 Too long to wait.
   LP43950.

 Tools for cutting: stone axes to lasers.
   MP25730.

 Tooth or consequences.
   R582964.

 To Paris with love.
   LF166

 Top Choice.
   MP25543.

 Topol, John.
   MU9037.

 To ride a yeller horse.
   LP43876.

 To stalk the night.
   LP43701.

 Touchstone.
   LP43928.

 Touch your face.
   MU9164.

 The Town tamers.
   LP43871.

 Trailing danger.
   R588501.

 A Trail of bloodshed.
   LP43869.

 Trail of the lonesome Pink.
   LP43766.

 Trail to San Antone.
   R588538.

 Train, Middleton G. C.
   MU9024.

 Training the construction laborer.
   MP25714.

 Transition.
   MP25565.

 Transition-lift.
   MP25564.

 Transparent animals.
   MP25660 - MP25663.
   MP26057 - MP26058.

 Trap that failed.
   R587222.

 The Treasure hunt (teamwork)
   MP25624.

 The Trespasser.
   R582739.

 Trevor, Elleston.
   LF202.

 Trial by knife.
   LP43654.

 Trial of Donald Duck.
   R589193.

 Triangles.
   LP43894.

 Tricks are not treats.
   LP43819.

 Triode vacuum tube voltmeters.
   MP25525.

 Tropical biology.
   MP25811.

 Tropical harmony.
   R584821.

 Trouble with women.
   R587023.

 Trustees of Trust under the Will of Mark J. Hellinger.
   R585843.

 Truth.
   MP25749.

 Try to die on time.
   LP43823.

 Tuesday movie of the week.
   LP43716.

 Tundra is a wide road.
   MU9030.

 Turkey’s 100 million.
   MP26042.

 Turn the key softly.
   LF192.

 Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation.
   LF190.
   LP43734.
   LP43735.
   LP43736.
   LP43738.
   LF43740.
   LP43763.
   LP43773.
   LP43774.
   LP43879.
   LU3678.
   R583794 - R583816.
   R584187 - R584188.
   R593725 - R593750.

 Twenty-one cent bet and a positive slump eliminator.
   MP25570.

 Twenty thousand streets under the sky.
   LF163.

 Twilight on the Rio Grande.
   R588539.

 Two.
   LP43909.

 Two blondes and a redhead.
   R591426.

 Two Cities Films, Ltd.
   LF158.
   LF166.
   LF178.
   R590127.
   R590128.
   R593275.


                                   U

 UFA Filmkunst.
   R583549.
   R583552.
   R585555.
   R583556.
   R584007.
   R584559.

 UFA Filmkunst Zeigt.
   R584009.

 U.F.O.’s.
   LP43905.

 Uncle Silas.
   R593275.

 Uncle Tom’s cabana.
   R581040.

 Unconquered.
   R587026.

 Under Colorado skies.
   R590897.

 Undercover agent.
   MU9161.

 Under the Tonto Rim.
   R586033.

 Unekis, Richard.
   LP43734.

 The Unfaithful.
   R583122.

 The Unfinished dance.
   R583044.

 Unicorn Productions, Inc.
   MP25705.

 Union Pacific Railroad.
   MP25709.

 Union Pacific Railroad. Department of Public Relations. Audio-Visual
    Services.
   MP25709.

 Union Pacific Railroad. Safety Department.
   MP25709.

 United Artists.
   LP43802.

 United Artists Corporation.
   LP43679.
   LP43726.
   LP43727.
   LP43728.
   LP43765.
   LP43766.
   LP43767.
   LP43775.
   LP43783.
   LP43784.
   LP43785.
   LF43888.
   LP43919.
   LP43920.
   LP43921.
   LP43957.

 United Artists Television, Inc.
   R580300 - R580305.
   R583122 - R583125.
   R585005 - R585013.
   R587017 - R587022.
   R590795 - R590803.
   R592812 - R592817.

 United Brands Company.
   R591937.
   R592080 - R592088.

 United States. Department of Justice. Law Enforcement Assistance
    Administration.
   MP25993 - MP25996.

 United States. Department of the Interior. National Park Service.
   MP25884.

 United States Golf Association.
   LP43794.

 Units of conviction.
   MP25981.

 Universal.
   LP43806 - LP43809.

 Universal City Studios, Inc.
   LP43697 - LP43705.
   LP43707 - LP43708.
   LP43710 - LP43725.
   LP43756.
   LP43804 - LP43805.
   LP43932 - LP43938.

 Universal City Studios, Inc. Emka Division.
   R587023 - R587027.
   R593022 - R593023.

 Universal-International.
   LF181.

 Universal International Pictures, Inc.
   R584818.

 Universal Pictures.
   LP43743.
   LP43768.
   LP43769.
   LP43776.
   LP43777.
   R583192 - R583202.
   R584814 - R584840.
   R587707 - R587716.
   R590970 - R590980.
   R591746 - R591754.

 Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
   R583192.
   R583194 - R583202.
   R584814 - R584817.
   R584819 - R584840.
   R585843.
   R587707 - R587716.
   R590970 - R590980.
   R591746 - R591754.
   R593269 - R593273.

 Universal Pictures, Ltd.
   LP43770.

 Universal Productions France, S.A.
   LP43786.

 Universal Studios.
   LP43786.

 University of Louisville (KY) National Crime Prevention Institute.
   MP25812.

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
   MP25965.

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Audio-Visual Education Center.
   MP25965.

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Department of Electrical and
    Computer Engineering.
   MP25965.

 University of Oregon, Portland. Medical School. Division of
    Instructional Aids.
   MP25775.

 University of South Carolina, Columbia. Division of Educational
    Services.
   MP25562.

 UniWorld Group, Inc.
   MP25746.

 Unsuspected.
   R590796.

 Unusual behavior patterns in fishes.
   MP25874.

 Up here looking down.
   MP25614.

 Up n’ atom.
   R582972.

 Uptown Saturday night.
   LP43810.

 Urban design issues in Texas.
   MP25808.

 Urchins of the coral reef.
   MP25863.

 Use of art therapy in a vocational milieu.
   MP25825.


                                   V

 Vacant land.
   MU9028.

 Vacation days.
   R584642.

 Vacation magic.
   R593732.

 Vacations (two weeks a year)
   R593749.

 Valley of fear.
   R585845.

 Valse des toreadors.
   LF160.

 Vanished traces.
   R584008.

 Vantage Communications, Inc.
   MP25675.

 Variety girl.
   R587027.

 Velveteen rabbit.
   LP43908.

 Vera paints Ibiza in the sun.
   LP26034

 Verdon Productions, Ltd.
   LP43810.

 Verwehte Spuren.
   R584008.

 A Very missing person.
   LP43724.

 Very natural thing.
   MP25546.

 Viacom international, Inc.
   R591488 - R591494.

 Videocom, Inc.
   MP25976 - MP25992.

 View from the crib.
   MP25819.

 Vigilante.
   R585734 - R585737.
   R587216 - R587224.

 Vigilantes return.
   R584815.

 Violence.
   R591328.

 Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, Blacksburg.
   MP25820.

 Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, Blacksburg.
    College of Agriculture and Life Sciences.
   MP25820.

 Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, Blacksburg. Film
    Unit.
   MP25820.

 Virtual storage concepts.
   MP25582 - MP25585.
   MP25737.
   MP25952.

 Vision Associates, Inc.
   MP25558.

 Visiting Virginia.
   R589600.

 The Visitor.
   LP43979.

 Visual Education Centre.
   MP25893.
   MP25894.

 Visual Education Centre, a division of Public Media, Inc. SEE Public
    Media, Inc. Visual Education Centre.

 Visual Instruction Productions, a department of Victor Kayfetz
    Productions, Inc. SEE Kayfetz (Victor) Productions, Inc. Visual
    Instruction Productions.

 Vitaphone Corporation.
   R580303.
   R580304.
   R580305.
   R583124.
   R583125.
   R585007 - R585013.
   R587018.
   R587021.
   R587022.
   R590798 - R590803.
   R592815 - R592817.

 Vivian’s problem.
   LP43841.

 Voice of the turtle.
   R590797.

 Volley oop.
   R582974.

 Voltmeter multiplier actions.
   MP25518.

 Volunteer.
   MP25735.

 Vortex, Inc.
   LU3676.

 VSAM concepts and access method services usage (DOS/VS)
   MP25779.

 VSAM macro coding and debugging.
   MP25778.


                                   W

 Waber, Bernard.
   LP43690.

 Wade (Roger) Productions, Inc.
   LP43890 - LP43903.

 Walking home.
   MU9153.

 Walking safely to school.
   MP26011.

 Wall, Robert E.
   MU9042.

 Wallis (Hal) Productions, Inc.
   R585723.

 Walter Kerr on theater.
   LP43883.

 Walter’s holiday.
   LP43835.

 Waltz of the toreadors.
   LF160.

 W and W Films.
   LP43794.

 The Wankel engine—an analysis.
   MP25688.

 Wanted—more homes.
   R584089.

 Warner, Douglas.
   LF207.

 Warner Brothers.
   LP43678.
   LP43811.
   LP43889.

 Warner Brothers, Inc.
   LP43741.
   LP43744.
   LP43745.
   LP43757.
   LP43764.
   LP43778.
   LP43787 - LP43791.
   LP43810.
   LP43812.
   LP43813.
   LP43913.
   LP43939.
   MP25503.
   R583818.
   R591573.

 Warner Brothers Pictures Corporation.
   R580302.

 Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.
   R580301.
   R583122.
   R583123.
   R585005.
   R585006.
   R587019.
   R590797.
   R592812.
   R592813.

 Warner Brothers Productions, Ltd.
   LP43913.

 Warner Communications.
   LP43764.

 Warner Communications Company.
   LP43745.

 Warwick Film Productions, Ltd.
   LP43786.

 Washcloth rev. number 2.
   MP25656.

 Wastewater bonanza.
   MP25711.

 Water expands into gas.
   MP25561.

 Wattmeter actions.
   MP25528.

 Ways to establish instant rapport.
   MP25979.

 W. C. Sidenius and the Lumia Theatre.
   MU9020.

 We are making music.
   R584014.

 The Web.
   R583192.

 Web of danger.
   R582727.

 Web of intrigue.
   LP43653.

 Wednesday movie of the week.
   LP43718.

 We explore the marsh.
   MP25703.

 Weighing close.
   MP25989.

 Weill, Kurt.
   LP43688.

 Weinberger, Jon.
   MU9168.

 Weintraub.
   LP43788.

 The Weird number (rational numbers).
   LP43753.

 Weisse Traume.
   R584011.

 Welcome to Arrow Beach.
   LP43678.

 Welco United Canada, Ltd.
   LP43739.

 Well oiled.
   R584819.

 We may never pass this way again.
   MU9155.

 We’re having a heat wave.
   LP43968.

 We’re not afraid anymore.
   MU9143.

 Westlake, Donald E.
   LP43679.

 Weston Woods Studios, Inc.
   LP43665.
   LP43682.
   LP43683.
   LP43684.
   LP43758.

 Westward Productions.
   LP43709.
   LP43803.

 Whack Baugh—ABC version.
   MP26006.

 Whack Baugh—day of tournament.
   MP25649.

 Whack Laura Baugh.
   MP26009.

 What can Parda Federal Credit Union do for you.
   MU9154.

 What do we look like to others.
   LP43669.

 What d’ya know.
   R584969.

 What is business.
   LP43671.

 What’s a nice girl like you?
   LP43725.

 What’s your I.Q.?, no. 14.
   R584969.

 Wheatstone bridge—resistive.
   MP25516.

 Wheels of fate.
   R582965.

 When a girl’s beautiful.
   R591417.

 When I grow up.
   MP25509 - MP25512.
   MP25615.

 Where have all the mothers gone?
   MP25921.

 Where there’s life.
   R593022.

 Whipple, Dorothy.
   LF178.

 White dawn.
   LP43732.

 White dream.
   R584011.

 Whitelight.
   MP25507.

 Who done it.
   MU9149.

 Why wait till Uncle Kevin dies.
   LP43917.

 The widow and the rogue.
   LP43860.

 The Widowmaker.
   LP43858.

 Wiener, Gloria.
   LP43771.

 Wien Film.
   R583553.
   R584011.

 Wild frontier.
   R590896.

 Wild harvest.
   R587025.

 Wild in the sky.
   LP43780.

 Wild kingdom.
   MP25767.
   MP25768.

 Wild science.
   LP43781.

 Wiley (John) and Sons, Inc.
   MP25801.
   MP25802.

 Will.
   LP43843.

 Williams, George.
   MP25823.

 Williams, Margaret.
   LP43908.

 Williams (Paul) Company, Inc.
   MP25711.

 William Tell.
   R583202.

 Wilson, Anthony.
   LP43711.

 Wimmen’s rights.
   LP43953.

 Wings of the wind.
   R583814.

 Winter.
   MP25563.

 Winter-lift.
   MP25566.

 Wintle, Julian.
   LF163.

 Wir machen Musik.
   R584014.

 Wistful widow of Wagon Gap.
   R590971.

 Wizan (Joe)-Vashon Productions.
   LP43763.

 Wolff, Ruth.
   LP43913.

 Wolper Productions.
   MP25544.
   MP25584.

 Wolrab Productions.
   LP43802.

 Wombat Productions, Inc.
   MP25736.

 Woman for hire.
   LP43649.

 Woman on the beach.
   R584160.

 Women are no angels.
   R583553.

 Women for sale.
   LP43854.
   LP43855.

 Women’s Film Project.
   MP25727.

 Woodcrafters Rowls NBC/CBS.
   MP25883.

 The Wordworks.
   MP25629 - MP25633.
   MP25671.

 World Film Services.
   LP43762.

 World Film Services, Ltd.
   LP43777.

 World food problem.
   R584095.

 World premiere.
   LP43707 - LP43710.
   LP43803 - LP43805.

 World’s a balloon.
   LP43662.

 The World’s greatest freak show.
   LP43692.

 Worldwide Church of God.
   MP25588 - MP25608.
   MP25628.
   MP25634.
   MP25679 - MP25687.
   MP25764.
   MP25803.

 Woroner Films, Inc.
   MP25721.
   MP25722.
   MP25757.
   MP25758.
   MP25759.
   MP25812.
   MP25813.
   MP25814.
   MP25948.
   MP25993 - MP25996.

 Worthless.
   LP43946.

 Wotta knight.
   R590795.

 Wyoming.
   R582737.


                                   X

 Xerox Corporation.
   LP43690 - LP43694.
   LP43746 - LP43754.
   LP43771.
   LP43890 - LP43903.
   LP43922 - LP43927.

 Xerox Films.
   LP43690 - LP43694.
   LP43746 - LP43754.
   LP43771.
   LP43890 - LP43903.
   LP43922 - LP43927.

 X–1 closes in.
   R587220.


                                   Y

 Yale University. School of Medicine. Department of Anatomy.
   MP25958.

 Yale University. School of Medicine. Section of Orthopedic Surgery.
   MP25958.

 Yankee Doodle Cricket.
   LP43793.

 Yetta the yenta.
   LP43964.

 Yollen, Jane.
   LP43693.

 Yorkin, Bud.
   LP43835 - LP43853.

 Young, Collier.
   LP43940.

 The Young lovers.
   LF181.

 You pack your own chute.
   MP25635.

 Your doctors—1947.
   MP26040.

 Your new job.
   LP43668.


                                   Z

 Zandy’s bride.
   LP43745.

 Zero: something for nothing.
   LP43750.

 Ziff-Davis Publishing Company.
   MP26000.
   MP26001.
   MP26002.

 Zululand.
   R583812.




 The 3 R’s go modern.
   R593731.

 5 fingers of death.
   LP43939.

 11 Harrowhouse.
   LP43879.

 029 data transcribing device.
   MP25774.

 60 minutes.
   MP26027 - MP26033.

 99 and 44/100% dead.
   LP43763.

 129 card data recorder.
   MP25773.

 1975 Charger Special Edition.
   MP26050.
   MP26072.

 1975 Chevrolet Camaro.
   MP25822.

 1975 Chevrolet El Camino.
   MP25821.

 1975 Chrysler Cordoba.
   MP26051.

 1975 Cordoba versus Monte Carlo and Cougar.
   MP26051.

 1975 Coronet.
   MP26073.

 1975 Dart.
   MP26077.

 1975 Dart S.B. versus Granada and Nova LN.
   MP26054.

 1975 Dodge Monaco.
   MP26074.

 1975 Dodge Pickup—the best of both.
   MP26053.

 1975 Fury, 1975 Coronet.
   MP26070.

 1975 Fury Sport, Fury Salon, Fury Custom, Road Runner.
   MP26076.

 1975 intermediate model body highlights.
   MP26048.

 1975 Oldsmobile Cutlass.
   MP26024.

 1975 Oldsmobile Eighty-eight.
   MP26023.

 1975 Oldsmobile Ninety-eight.
   MP26022.

 1975 Oldsmobile Omega.
   MP26021.

 1975 Oldsmobile Starfire.
   MP26020.

 1975 Oldsmobile Toronado.
   MP26019.

 1975 Plymouth Gran Fury.
   MP26075.

 1975 Pontiac.
   MP25968 - MP25975.

 1975 Valiant and Duster.
   MP26068.

 1975 Valiant Brougham versus Granada and Nova LN.
   MP26052.

 1975 Ventura.
   MP25975.

 30,000 rooms and I have the key.
   LP43832.

 80,000 suspects.
   LF202.

 $100,000 nickel.
   LP43824.




                            MOTION PICTURES
                         CURRENT REGISTRATIONS


A list of domestic and foreign motion pictures registered during the
period covered by this issue, arranged by registration number.




                                   LF
                             REGISTRATIONS


LF158.

The October man. A Two Cities film. Released by J. Arthur Rank & General
Film Distributors, Ltd. Distributed by Eagle Lion. England. 95 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Two Cities Films, Ltd.; 6Oct47; LF158.


LF159.

Father came too! Independent Artists. Distributed by the Rank
Organisation. England. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Independent Artists
(Production) Ltd.; 9Feb64 (in notice: 1963); LF159.


LF160.

Waltz of the toreadors. Independent Artists. Distributed by the Rank
Organisation. England. 105 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on the play,
La Valse des toreadors, by Jean Anouilh. © Independent Artists
(Production) Ltd.; 14May62; LF160.


LF161.

The Fast lady. Independent Artists. A Walter Reade Organization, Inc.
presentation. Distributed by the Rank Organisation. England. 95 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Independent Artists (Production) Ltd.; 24Feb63 (in
notice: 1962); LF161.


LF162.

This sporting life. Independent Artists. Distributed by the Rank
Organisation. England. 134 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Based on the novel by
David Storey. © Independent Artists (Production) Ltd.; 17Mar63; LF162.


LF163.

Bitter harvest. Independent Artists. Made by Julian Wintle & Leslie
Parkyn. Distributed by the Rank Organisation. England. 96 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Based on the novel, Twenty thousand streets under the sky,
by Patrick Hamilton. © Independent Artists (Production) Ltd.; 10Nov63;
LF163.


LF164.

Esther Waters. Independent Producers, Ltd. England. 108 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. From the novel by George Moore. © Independent Producers, Ltd.;
1Nov48; LF164.


LF165.

Seance on a wet afternoon. Beaver Films, Ltd. Distributed by the Rank
Organisation. England. 121 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Based on the novel by
Mark McShane. © Beaver Films, Ltd.; 5Jul64; LF165.


LF166.

To Paris with love. A Two Cities film. Distributed by General Film
Distributors, Ltd. & J. Arthur Rank Organisation. England. 78 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. From a story by Sterling Noel. © Two Cities Films, Ltd.;
7Feb55 (in notice: 1954); LF166.


LF167.

On the beat. The Rank Organisation. England. 106 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
© The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 30Dec62; LF167.


LF168.

Tiara Tahiti. The Rank Organisation England. 101 min., sd., color, 35
mm. Based on the novel by Geoffrey Cotterell. © The Rank Organisation
Film Productions, Ltd.; 27Aug62; LF168.


LF169.

The Royal ballet. Poetic Films, Ltd. in association with the Royal Opera
House, Covent Garden, Ltd. Made by Paul Czinner. Released by
Showcorporation & Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 132 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 7Jan60 (in
notice: 1959); LF169.


LF170.

The Early bird. The Rank Organisation. England. 98 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 26Dec65; LF170.


LF171.

Der Rosenkavalier. Poetic Films, Ltd. Made by Paul Czinner & the Rank
Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released by Schoenfeld Films
Distributing Corporation. England. 190 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © The
Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 9Jul62 (in notice: 1961);
LF171.


LF172.

A Stitch in time. The Rank Organisation. England. 94 min., sd., b&w, 35
mm. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 29Dec63; LF172.


LF173.

Doctor in love. The Rank Organisation. Released by Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 97 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From the novel
by Richard Gordon. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.;
22Aug60; LF173.


LF174.

Rooney. The Rank Organisation. England. 88 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. From
the novel by Catherine Cookson. Appl. au: The Rank Organisation Film
Productions, Ltd. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.;
21Apr58; LF174.


LF175.

Make mine mink. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released by
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 80 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. Based on
the play, Breath of Spring, by Peter Coke. © The Rank Organisation Film
Productions, Ltd.; 1Aug60; LF175.


LF176.

Mad about men. Distributed by General Film Distributors, Ltd. England.
85 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Group Film Productions, Ltd. ©
Group Film Productions, Ltd.; 20Dec54; LF176.


LF177.

A Night to remember. Walter Reade Organization, Inc. Released by Rank
Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 123 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. From the
book by Walter Lord. Appl. au: The Rank Organisation Film Productions,
Ltd. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 18Aug58; LF177.


LF178.

One good turn. A Two Cities film. Distributed by General Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 95 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. From an original
story by Dorothy Whipple. © Two Cities Films, Ltd.; 17Jan55 (in notice:
1954); LF178.


LF179.

Man of the moment. Released by J. Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.
England. 89 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. From an original story by Maurice
Cowan. Appl. au: Group Film Productions, Ltd. © Group Film Productions,
Ltd.; 10Oct55; LF179.


LF180.

One jump ahead. A Kenilworth-Fortress production. Distributed by General
Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 65 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. From the
novel by Robert Chapman. Appl. au: Kenilworth Film Productions, Ltd. ©
Kenilworth Film Productions, Ltd.; 9May55 (in notice: 1954); LF180.


LF181.

The Young lovers. A Universal-International release. England. 96 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au: Group Film Productions, Ltd. © Group Film
Productions, Ltd.; 27Sep54; LF181.


LF182.

The Lost people. A Pentagon production. England. 100 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. Based on the play, Cockpit, by Bridget Boland. Appl. au: General
Film Distributors, Ltd. © General Film Distributors, Ltd.; 26Sep49;
LF182.


LF183.

The Dark man. An Independent Artists picture. Distributed by the J.
Arthur Rank Organisation. England. 91 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au:
Independent Artists, Ltd. © Independent Artists, Ltd.; 26Feb51 (in
notice: 1950); LF183.


LF184.

Three sisters. Alan Clore Films, Ltd., with the National Theatre Company
in association with British Lion Films, Ltd. Released by AFT
Distributing Corporation. United Kingdom. 165 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Alan Clore Films, Ltd.; 2Nov70; LF184.


LF185.

A Queen is crowned. J. Arthur Rank Organisation. England. 82 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Gaumont British Distributors, Ltd. © Gaumont
British Distributors, Ltd.; 8Jun53; LF185.


LF186.

The Long memory. J. Arthur Rank Organisation. England. 93 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. From the novel by Howard Clewes. Appl. au.: British Film
Makers, Ltd. © British Film Makers, Ltd.; 23Feb53 (in notice: 1952);
LF186.


LF187.

Curtain up. Constellation Films. Released by the J. Arthur Rank
Organisation. England. 82 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Adapted from the play
On Monday next, by Philip King. © Constellation Films, Ltd.; 2Jun52;
LF187.


LF188.

Passage home. J. Arthur Rank Organisation. Distributed by General Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 102 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. Based on the
novel by Richard Armstrong. Appl. au.: Group Film Productions, Ltd. ©
Group Film Productions, Ltd.; 16May55; LF188.


LF189.

It started in Paradise. J. Arthur Rank Organisation. Distributed by
General Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Appl. au.: British Film Makers, Ltd. © British Film Makers, Ltd.;
24Nov52; LF189.


LF190.

The Three Musketeers. Film Trust, S. A. Released by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation. France. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Add.
ti.; The Queen’s diamonds; Diamonds of the Queen. Based on the novel by
Alexandre Dumas. © Film Trust, S. A.; 13Dec73; LF190.


LF191.

Follow that camel. Rank Organisation. England. 95 min., sd., color, 35
mm. Appl. au.: Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. © Rank Film Distributors,
Ltd.; 6Jan68 (in notice: 1967); LF191.


LF192.

Turn the key softly. J. Arthur Rank Organisation. Distributed by General
Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 81 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. From the
novel by John Brophy. Appl. au.: Chiltern Film Productions, Ltd. ©
Chiltern Film Productions, Ltd.; 1Jun53; LF192.


LF193.

The League of gentlemen. Allied Film Makers, Ltd. Released by Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. & Kingsley International. England. 114 min., sd.,
b&w, 35 mm. From the novel by John Boland. © A.F.M. Productions, Ltd.;
18Apr60; LF193.


LF194.

Don’t lose your head. Rank Organisation. England. 90 min., sd., color,
35 mm. Appl. au.: Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. © Rank Film Distributors,
Ltd.; 26Mar67; LF194.


LF195.

The Intelligence men; or, M.I.5 plus 2 equals 0. Rank Organisation.
England. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au.: Rank Organisation Film
Productions, Ltd. © Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 18Apr65;
LF195.


LF196.

Carry on camping; or, Let sleeping bags lie. Rank Film Distributors,
Ltd. Distributed by American International. England. 88 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.; 31Aug69; LF196.


LF197.

Carry on, doctor; or, Nurse carries on again, or, Death of a daffodil,
or, Life is a four-letter ward. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. Distributed
by American International. England. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Rank
Film Distributors, Ltd.; 14Apr68; LF197.


LF198.

Carry on, Henry; or, Mind my chopper! Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.
Distributed by American International. England. 90 min., sd., color, 35
mm. Add. ti: Carry on, Henry 8th. © Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.;
29Aug71; LF198.


LF199.

Meet me tonight. British Film Makers, Ltd. Distributed by General Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 84 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on three
plays from Noel Coward’s Tonight at 8:30. © British Film Makers, Ltd.;
6Oct52; LF199.


LF200.

Palaces of a queen. The Special Features Division of the Rank
Organisation. England. 76 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au: Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. © Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.; 30Dec66; LF200.


LF201.

Life for Ruth. Saracen Films, Ltd. Made by Allied Film Makers. England.
91 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. © Saracen Films, Ltd.; 17Sep62; LF201.


LF202.

80,000 suspects. Walter Reade Organization, Inc. Released by Rank
Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. England. 109 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm.,
Cinemascope. Based on the novel, The Pillars of midnight, by Elleston
Trevor. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 1Sep63; LF202.


LF203.

Hot enough for June. Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. England.
96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel, Nights of Wenceslas, by
Lionel Davidson. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.;
22Mar64; LF203.


LF204.

The Beauty jungle. Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. England. 114
min., sd., color, 35 mm., Cinemascope. © The Rank Organisation Film
Productions, Ltd.; 6Sep64; LF204.


LF205.

The High bright sun. Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. England.
114 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From Ian Stuart Flack’s novel. © The Rank
Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 14Mar65; LF205.


LF206.

Doctor in distress. Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. England.
102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions,
Ltd.; 4Aug63; LF206.


LF207.

The Informers. Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. England. 105
min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. From the novel, Death of a snout, by Douglas
Warner. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 24Nov63; LF207.


LF208.

Nothing but the night. Charlemagne Productions, Ltd. Released by Rank
Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the
novel by John Blackburn. © Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.; 14Jan73 (in
notice: 1972); LF208.




                                   LP
                             REGISTRATIONS


LP43637.

Herbie rides again. Walt Disney Productions. Distributed by Buena Vista
Distribution Company, Inc. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on a story
by Gordon Buford. © Walt Disney Productions; 4Feb74; LP43637.


LP43638.

Modern school mathematics film loops. Primary level. Houghton Mifflin
Company. Made by Davidson Films, Inc. 72 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridges. Appl. au.: Houghton Mifflin Company, employer for hire. ©
Houghton Mifflin Company; 25Mar74 (in notice: 1973); LP43638.


LP43639.

Fury river. A Metro Goldwyn Mayer picture. 74 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based on the novel, Northwest passage, by Kenneth Roberts. © Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 27Apr61 (in notice: 1958); LP43639.


LP43640.

That’s entertainment! Metro Goldwyn Mayer. 128 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
NM: compilation & additions. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 17May74;
LP43640.


LP43641.

The Guilty. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
10Sep73; LP43641.


LP43642.

Time of darkness. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 17Sep73; LP43642.


LP43643.

Broken image. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 24Sep73; LP43643.


LP43644.

Impasse. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
1Oct73; LP43644.


LP43645.

Clash of shadows. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 8Oct73; LP43645.


LP43646.

The Casualty. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 22Oct73; LP43646.


LP43647.

Stranger in two worlds. An Alfra production. Produced in association
with MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 29Oct73; LP43647.


LP43648.

Child of violence. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 12Nov73; LP43648.


LP43649.

Woman for hire. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Add. ti.: Call girl. ©
Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 19Nov73; LP43649.


LP43650.

A Life at stake. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 26Nov73; LP43650.


LP43651.

Nightmare. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
3Dec73; LP43651.


LP43652.

Deadly game. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 10Dec73; LP43652.


LP43653.

Web of intrigue. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 7Jan74; LP43653.


LP43654.

Trial by knife. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 14Jan74; LP43654.


LP43655.

A Choice of evils. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 21Jan74; LP43655.


LP43656.

No escape. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
28Jan74; LP43656.


LP43657.

Dark warning. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 11Feb74; LP43657.


LP43658.

The Girl from bedlam. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 18Feb74; LP43658.


LP43659.

The Spectre. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 25Feb74; LP43659.


LP43660.

The Enemies. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 4Mar74; LP43660.


LP43661.

The Conspirators. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer,
Inc.; 11Mar74; LP43661.


LP43662.

The World’s a balloon. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 25Mar74; LP43662.


LP43663.

Hexed. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
1Apr74; LP43663.


LP43664.

Appointment with danger. An Alfra production. Produced in association
with MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 15Apr74; LP43664.


LP43665.

Dear Kurt. Bob Cihi Productions, Inc. Released by Weston Woods. 24 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Weston Woods a.a.d.o. Weston Woods Studios, Inc.;
15Sep73; LP43665.


LP43666.

Alcohol: the choice. Cathedral Films production. 15 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Prev. pub. 1Feb74, LP43127. NM: revision & additions. © Cathedral
Films, Inc.; 1Jun74; LP43666.


LP43667.

The House construction home movie. Professional Films, Inc. & Silo
Cinema, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Silo Cinema, Inc.; 1Jan72;
LP43667.


LP43668.

Your new job. Sandler International Films, Inc. 10 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Bryant and Stratton vocational aids) Appl.
au.: Sandler Institutional Films, Inc. © Bryant and Stratton Business
Institute, Inc.; 22Nov72; LP43668.


LP43669.

What do we look like to others? Sandler International Films, Inc. 10
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Bryant and Stratton
vocational aids) Appl. au.: Sandler Institutional Films, Inc. © Bryant
and Stratton Business Institute, Inc.: 22Nov72; LP43669.


LP43670.

I want to work for your company. Sandler International Films, Inc. 10
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Bryant and Stratton
vocational aids) Appl. au.: Sandler Institutional Films, Inc. © Bryant
and Stratton Business Institute, Inc.; 22Nov72; LP43670.


LP43671.

What is business? Sandler International Films, Inc. 10 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Bryant and Stratton vocational aids) Appl.
au.: Sandler Institutional Films, Inc. © Bryant and Stratton Business
Institute, Inc.; 22Nov72; LP43671.


LP43672.

Person to person, making communications work for you. Sandler
International Films, Inc. 10 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
(Bryant and Stratton vocational aids) Appl. au.: Sandler Institutional
Films, Inc. © Bryant and Stratton Business Institute, Inc.; 22Nov72;
LP43672.


LP43673.

Birds of a feather. Stephen Bosustow Productions. 6 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Based on the book by Willi Baum. © Stephen Bosustow Productions;
1Sep72; LP43673.


LP43674.

The Magic tree. Landmark Productions, Inc. Distributed by Texture Films,
Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (African folklore series) © Landmark
Productions, Inc., a division of Landmark Educational Media, Inc.;
1Nov70; LP43674.


LP43675.

Anansi the spider. Landmark Educational Media, Inc. Distributed by
Texture Films, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (African folklore
series) © Gerald McDermott Films, Inc.; 1Jun69; LP43675.


LP43676.

Black, white, gray. Thomas B. Barker. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (With
The Animated dead) © Thomas B. Barker; 21Mar72; LP43676.


LP43677.

The Animated dead. Thomas B. Barker. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (With
Black, white, gray) © Thomas B. Barker; 21Mar72; LP43677.


LP43678.

Welcome to Arrow Beach. A Brut presentation from Warner Brothers. 99
min., sd., color, 33 mm. © Brut Productions, Inc.; 22May74 (in notice:
1973); LP43678.


LP43679.

The Bank shot. A Landers-Roberts production. Released by United Artists.
83 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. From the novel by Donald E.
Westlake. © United Artists Corporation; 22May74; LP43679.


LP43680.

Close that sale. Roundtable Productions, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Roundtable Productions, Inc.; 2Apr74; LP43680.


LP43681.

Conflict. Roundtable Productions, Inc. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Roundtable Productions, Inc.; 2Apr74; LP43681.


LP43682.

Goggles. Weston Woods Studios, Inc. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on
the book by Ezra Jack Keats. © Weston Woods Studies, Inc.; 20Mar74;
LP43682.


LP43683.

Attic of the wind. Weston Woods Studios, Inc. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Based on the book by Doris Herold Lund. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.;
20Mar74; LP43683.


LP43684.

Tikki tikki tembo. Weston Woods Studios, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Based on the book by Arlene Mosel. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.;
20Mar74; LP43684.


LP43685.

Luther. American Express Films, Inc. & the Ely Landau Organization, Inc.
in association with Cinevision, Ltee. Released by AFT Distributing
Corporation. 112 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the stage play by
John Osborne. © AFT Distributing Corporation; 21Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
LP43685.


LP43686.

Butley. American Express Films, Inc. & the Ely Landau Organization, Inc.
in association with Cinevision, Ltee. Released by AFT Distributing
Corporation. 130 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the stage play by
Simon Gray. © AFT Distributing Corporation; 21Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
LP43686.


LP43687.

Rhinoceros. American Express Films, Inc. & the Ely Landau Organization,
Inc. in association with Cinevision, Ltee. Released by AFT Distributing
Corporation. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the stage play by
Eugene Ionesco. © AFT Distributing Corporation; 21Jan74 (in notice:
1973); LP43687.


LP43688.

Lost in the stars. American Express Films, Inc. & the Ely Landau
Organization, Inc. in association with Cinevision, Ltee. Released by AFT
Distributing Corporation. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the stage
play by Kurt Weill & Maxwell Anderson & upon Alan Paton’s Cry the
beloved country. © AFT Distributing Corporation; 21Jan74 (in notice:
1973); LP43688.


LP43689.

Circle of love. Audio-Visual Specialties, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au: American Temperance Society. © American Temperance
Society; 1Jun74; LP43689.


LP43690.

A Firefly named Torchy. Xerox Films. Made by Stephen Bosustow
Productions. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Desire to read) Based upon the
book by Bernard Waber. © Xerox Corporation; 14Jul72; LP43690.


LP43691.

The Peasant’s pea patch. Xerox Films. Made by Stephen Bosustow
Productions. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Desire to read) From the
translation by Guy Daniels. © Xerox Corporation; 23Jun72; LP43691.


LP43692.

The World’s greatest freak show. Xerox Films. Made by Stephen Bosustow
Productions. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Desire to read) Based on the
book by Ellen Raskin. © Xerox Corporation; 16May72; LP43692.


LP43693.

The Seventh mandarin. Xerox Films. Made by Stephen Bosustow Productions.
13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Desire to read) Based on the book by Jane
Yollen. © Xerox Corporation; 10Nov72; LP43693.


LP43694.

The Strange story of a frog who became a prince. Xerox Films. Made by
Stephen Bosustow Productions. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Desire to
read) Add. ti: The Strange story of the frog who became a prince. Based
upon the book by Elinor Landor Horwitz. © Xerox Corporation; 20Apr72;
LP43694.


LP43695.

Quality, a constant search. Program aids library 42. National
Association of Purchasing Management, Purchasing Techniques Committee.
Made by The National Association of Purchasing Management, Inc. 18 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (How to buy quality) © The N.A.P.M. Purchasing
Techniques Committee; 1Jun73; LP43695.


LP43696.

The Little mermaid. The Reader’s Digest Association, Inc. Produced in
association with Potterton Productions, Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Based on a story by Hans Christian Andersen. © The Reader’s Digest
Association, Inc.; 4Feb74 (in notice: 1973); LP43696.


LP43697.

They steal cars, don’t they? Universal City Studios, Inc. & Stacey
Productions, Ltd. Produced in association with Donlee Productions.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Partners) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc. & Stacey Productions, Ltd.; 7Jan72 (in
notice: 1971); LP43697.


LP43698.

In case of emergency, notify Clint Eastwood. Universal City Studios,
Inc. Distributor: MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Jigsaw) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 1Mar73 (in notice: 1972); LP43698.


LP43699.

Kiss the dream goodbye. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributor:
MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Jigsaw) Based on the novel, Thin
air, by Howarde Browne. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 15Feb73;
LP43699.


LP43700.

Girl on the run. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributor: MCA-TV. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Jigsaw) From a story by John Thomas James. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 22Feb73; LP43700.


LP43701.

To stalk the night. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributor: MCA-TV. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Jigsaw) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 30 Nov
72; LP43701.


LP43702.

A Badge on fire. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributor: MCA-TV. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Jigsaw) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
21Sep72; LP43702.


LP43703.

The Bradley affair. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributor: MCA-TV. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Jigsaw) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
2Nov72; LP43703.


LP43704.

Finder’s fee. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributor: MCA-TV. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Jigsaw) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 21Dec72;
LP43704.


LP43705.

Hard time. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributor: MCA-TV. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Jigsaw) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 12Oct72;
LP43705.


LP43706.

Buddy, can you spare a life? Pt. 1–2. A Harbour-UTV production.
Distributor: MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Ironside) ©
Harbour-UTV; 6Nov72; LF43706.


LP43707.

The Snoop Sisters. A Universal Studios presentation. Distributor:
MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (World premiere) Appl. au: Universal
City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Dec72; LP43707.


LP43708.

Tenafly. A Universal Studios production. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
(World premiere) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 12Feb73 (in notice: 1972); LP43708.


LP43709.

Magic carpet. Westward Productions. Distributor: MCA-TV. 106 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Westward Productions; 4Nov72 (in
notice: 1971); LP43709.


LP43710.

The Judge and Jake Wyler. Universal Studios production. Distributor:
MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) Appl. au:
Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 25Nov72;
LP43710.


LP43711.

Let’s hear it for a living legend. Universal City Studios, Inc.
Distributor: MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Banacek) Created by
Anthony Wilson. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 13Sep72; LP43711.


LP43712.

The Devil and Miss Sarah. A Universal Studios production. Distributor:
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Movie of the weekend) Appl. au:
Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 1Dec71;
LP43712.


LP43713.

The Adventures of Nick Carter. A Universal Studios production.
Distributor: MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16mm. (Movie of the weekend)
(The Movie of the week) Based on the character Nick Carter. Appl. au:
Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 20Feb72;
LP43713.


LP43714.

See the man run. A Universal Studios production. Distributor: MCA-TV. 80
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Movie of the weekend) Appl. au: Universal City
Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 9Dec71; LP43714.


LP43715.

The Birdmen. A Universal Studios production. Produced in association
with Silverton Productions, Inc. Distributor: MCA-TV. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Movie of the weekend) (The Movie of the week) Appl. au:
Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Sep71;
LP43715.


LP43716.

The Screaming woman. A Universal Studios production. Distributor:
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Tuesday movie of the week) (Movie
of the weekend) Based on the short story by Ray Bradbury. Appl. au:
Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 27Jan72;
LP43716.


LP43717.

A Little game. A Universal Studios production. Distributor: MCA-TV. 80
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Movie of the week) (Movie of the weekend)
From the novel by Fielden Farrington. Appl. au: Universal city Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Oct71; LP43717.


LP43718.

Duel. A Universal Studios production. Distributor: MCA-TV. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Wednesday movie of the week) (Movie of the weekend) Based
on Richard Matheson’s published story. Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 13Nov71; LP43718.


LP43719.

The Astronaut. A Universal Studios production. Produced in association
with Silverton Productions, Inc. Distributor: MCA-TV. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Movie of the week) (Movie of the weekend) Appl. au:
Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 6Jan72;
LP43719.


LP43720.

The Deadly dream. A Universal Studios production. Distributor: MCA-TV.
80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Movie of the week) (Movie of the
weekend) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 22Sep71; LP43720.


LP43721.

Death takes a holiday. A Universal Studios production. Distributor:
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Movie of the weekend) Based upon a
play written by Alberto Casella. Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc.
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 20Oct71; LP43721.


LP43722.

The Hound of Baskervilles. A Universal Studios production. Distributor:
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Movie of the week) (Movie of
the weekend) Based on the novel by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Appl. au:
Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 12Feb72;
LP43722.


LP43723.

The Failing of Raymond. A Universal Studios production. Distributor:
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Movie of the week) (Movie of
the weekend) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 25Nov71; LP43723.


LP43724.

A Very missing person. A Universal Studios production. Distributor:
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Movie of the week) (Movie of
the weekend) From the novel, Hildegarde Withers makes the scene, by
Stuart Palmer & Fletcher Flora. Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 4Mar72; LP43724.


LP43725.

What’s a nice girl like you? A Universal Studios production.
Distributor: MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Movie of the week)
(Movie of the weekend) From the novel, Shirley, by E. V. Cunningham.
Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
16Dec71; LP43725.


LP43726.

The Dogfather. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in association
with the Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc. Distributed by United Artists. 7
min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Dogfather series) © United Artists
Corporation; 27Jun74; LP43726.


LP43727.

Strange on the range. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in
association with the Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc. Distributed by United
Artists. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Hoot Kloot) © United Artists
Corporation; 17Apr74 (in notice: 1973); LP43727.


LP43728.

The Badge and the beautiful. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in
association with the Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc. Distributed by United
Artists. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Hoot Kloot) © United Artists
Corporation; 17Apr74 (in notice: 1973); LP43728.


LP43729.

Running wild. A C.V.I., Ltd.-Communicating Ventures International
production & Golden Circle Films, Ltd. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Golden Circle Films, Ltd.; 31Jul73; LP43729.


LP43730.

The Parallax view. Gus Productions, Inc. & Paramount Pictures
Corporation. Produced in association with Harbor Productions, Inc. &
Doubleday Productions, Inc. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision.
Based upon the novel by Loren Singer. © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
19Apr74; LP43730.


LP43731.

Josephine Baker at the Folies-Bergere. Folies-Bergere. 9 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. © Film Archives Company; 14Nov73; LP43731.


LP43732.

White dawn. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 109 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based on the novel by James Houston. Appl. au: Global Production
Services & Martin Ransohoff Productions. © American Film Properties;
10May74; LP43732.


LP43733.

Death wish. Dino De Laurentiis Corporation. Released by Paramount
Pictures Corporation. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by
Brian Garfield. © Dino De Laurentiis Corporation; 17Jul74; LP43733.


LP43734.

Dirty Mary, crazy Larry. Academy Pictures Corporation. Released by
Twentieth Century-Fox Film corporation. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based on the novel, The Chase, by Richard Unekis. © Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation; 2Jul74; LP43734.


LP43735.

Kid Blue. Marvin Schwartz Productions, Inc. Released by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation; 23May73; LP43735.


LP43736.

Sleuth. Palomar Pictures International, Inc. Released by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation. 138 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the
play by Anthony Shaffer. © Palomar Pictures International, Inc.;
24Feb72; LP43736.


LF43737.

Celebration at Big Sur. A Ted Mann Productions presentation. 9 reels,
sd., color, 35 mm. © Ted Mann Productions; 28Apr71; LP43737.


LP43738.

The Heartbreak kid. Palomar Pictures International, Inc. Released by
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based on, A Change of plan, by Bruce Jay Friedman. © Palomar Pictures
International, Inc.; 17Dec72; LP43738.


LP43739.

The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz. International Cinemedia Center,
Ltd. Released by Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in cooperation
with Canadian Film Development Corporation, Welco United Canada, Ltd.,
Famous Players, Ltd. & Astral Bellevue-Pathe, Ltd. 121 min., sd., color,
35 mm., Panavision. Based on Mordecai Richler’s novel. Appl. au: The
Duddy Kravitz Syndicate. © The Duddy Kravitz Syndicate & Famous Players,
Ltd.; 12Apr74; LP43739.


LP43740.

The Neptune factor. Conquest of the Deeps, Ltd. and Company & a Quadrant
Films, Ltd. & Bellevue Pathe, Ltd. film. Released by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. ©
Conquest of the Deeps, Ltd. and Company; 25Jul73; LP43740.


LP43741.

McQ. Warner Brothers, Inc. 111 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. ©
Warner Brothers, Inc.; 1Feb74; LP43741.


LP43742.

The Castaway cowboy. Walt Disney Productions. Distributed by Buena Vista
Distribution Company, Inc. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Walt Disney
Productions; 31Jul74; LP43742.


LP43743.

The Midnight man. A Norlan production. 119 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based upon the novel, The Midnight lady and the mourning man, by David
Anthony. Appl. au: Universal Pictures. © Universal Pictures; 10May74;
LP43743.


LP43744.

Blazing saddles. Warner Brothers, Inc. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 7Feb74; LP43744.


LP43745.

Zandy’s bride. A Harvey Matofsky production. Distributed by Warner
Communications Company. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based
on The Stranger, by Lillian Bos Ross. Appl. au: Warner Brothers, Inc. ©
Warner Brothers, Inc.; 19May74; LP43745.


LP43746.

Place to place. Xerox Films. Made by Davidson Films. Distributed by
Xerox Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Exploring mathematics) © Xerox
Corporation; 7Apr72; LP43746.


LP43747.

Lost in the mish-mosh. Xerox Films. Made by Davidson Films. Distributed
by Xerox Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Exploring mathematics) ©
Xerox Corporation; 14Mar72; LP43747.


LP43748.

Noah’s ark; or, Multiplying with fractions. Xerox Films. Made by
Davidson Films. Distributed by Xerox Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Exploring mathematics) © Xerox Corporation; 20May71; LP43748.


LP43749.

Probableman. Xerox Films. Made by Davidson Films. Distributed by Xerox
Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Exploring mathematics) © Xerox
Corporation; 12Aug71; LP43749.


LP43750.

Zero: something for nothing. Xerox Films. Made by Davidson Films.
Distributed by Xerox Films. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Exploring
mathematics) © Xerox Corporation; 21Oct71; LP43750.


LP43751.

Dinosaurs’ dilemma, the meaning of the variable. Xerox Films. Made by
Davidson Films. Distributed by Xerox Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Exploring mathematics) © Xerox Corporation; 19Mar71; LP43751.


LP43752.

Prime time. Xerox Films. Made by Davidson Films. Distributed by Xerox
Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Exploring mathematics) © Xerox
Corporation; 19May71; LP43752.


LP43753.

The Weird number (rational numbers) Xerox Films. Made by Davidson Films.
Distributed by Xerox Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Exploring
mathematics) © Xerox Corporation; 24Sep71; LP43753.


LP43754.

The Case of the missing chickcows (adding positive and negative
integers) Xerox Films. Made by Davidson Films. Distributed by Xerox
Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Exploring mathematics) © Xerox
Corporation; 20Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP43754.


LP43755.

The Gravy train. A Tomorrow Entertainment production. A Columbia
Pictures release. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Tomorrow Entertainment,
Inc.; 16Jun74; LP43755.


LP43756.

The Greenhouse jungle. Universal City studios, Inc. Distributor: MCA-TV.
80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Columbo) (Mystery movie) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 13Oct72; LP43756.


LP43757.

Our time. A Richard A. Roth production. Released by Warner Brothers. 96
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 10Apr74; LP43757.


LP43758.

Harold’s fairy tale. Weston Woods. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on
the book by Crockett Johnson. © Weston Woods a.a.d.o. Weston Woods
Studios, Inc.; 20Mar74; LP43758.


LP43759.

The Nurture of Nell; or, Food for feeling fit. Dairy Council, Inc. 12
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Dairy Council, Inc.; 5Nov73; LP43759.


LP43760.

I love you, Frank. Ron Sandilands, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
American Medical Association; 15Apr74; LP43760.


LP43761.

The Education of Sonny Carson. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 104 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the book by Sonny Carson. © Paramount
Pictures Corporation; 5Jul74; LP43761.


LP43762.

The Take. Columbia Pictures presents a World Film Services production.
93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel Sir you bastard by G. F.
Newman. © Columbia Pictures Corporation, Ltd.; 24Apr74; LF43762.


LP43763.

99 and 44/100% dead. Joe Wizan-Vashon Productions. Released by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. ©
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation; 26Jun74; LP43763.


LP43764.

Mame. A Warner Communications company in association with the American
Broadcasting Companies. Distributed by Warner Brothers. 131 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on the Broadway musical by Jerome
Lawrence, Robert E. Lee & Jerry Herman, the novel by Patrick Dennis &
the stage play, Auntie Mame, by Lawrence & Lee. © Warner Brothers, Inc.;
7Mar74; LP43764.


LP43765.

Pink aye. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng. Released through United
Artists Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Pink Panther)
Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng; 16May74; LP43765.


LP43766.

Trail of the lonesome Pink. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng. Released
through United Artists Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Pink
Panther) © Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng; 27Jun74; LP43766.


LP43767.

The Giving tree. Stephen Bosustow Productions. Released by United
Artists Corporation. 11 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the book &
drawings by Shel Silverstein. © Stephen Bosustow Productions; 10Aug73
(in notice: 1972); LP43767.


LP43768.

The Sugarland Express. Universal Pictures. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. © Universal Pictures; 31Mar74; LP43768.


LP43769.

Newman’s law. Universal Pictures. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 8May74; LP43769.


LP43770.

The Black windmill. Universal Pictures, Ltd. 106 min., sd., color, 35
mm., Panavision. From Seven days to a killing by Clive Egleton. ©
Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 16May74; LP43770.


LP43771.

The Most marvelous cat. Xerox Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Desire
to read) Based on a story by Gloria Wiener. Appl. au: Xerox Corporation,
employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation; 18Apr73; LP43771.


LP43772.

The Longest yard. Long Road Productions. Produced in association with
Albert S. Ruddy Productions. Released by Paramount Pictures Corporation.
121 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the story by Albert S. Ruddy. ©
Long Road Productions; 29Jul74; LP43772.


LP43773.

The Girl who couldn’t say no. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 82
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation;
12Nov69; LP43773.


LP43774.

Cover me, babe. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 89 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation; 31Dec69;
LP43774.


LP43775.

Bring me the head of Alfredo Garcia. Optimus Productions & Estudios
Churubusco. Released by United Artists. 112 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
United Artists Corporation; 23Jul74; LP43775.


LP43776.

Jesus Christ Superstar. Universal Pictures. 107 min., sd., color, 35
mm., Todd-AO 35. Based upon the rock opera. © Universal Pictures;
27Jun73; LP43776.


LP43777.

Privilege. World Film Services, Ltd. & Memorial Enterprises, Ltd.
Released by Universal Pictures. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © World
Film Services, Ltd.; 7Oct67; LP43777.


LP43778.

The Fox. Claridge Pictures, Inc. & Warner Brothers, Inc. Produced in
association with Motion Pictures International, Inc. 109 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. From the novella by D. H. Lawrence. © Claridge Pictures,
Inc.; 29Dec67; LP43778.


LP43779.

The Bears and I. Walt Disney Productions. Distributed by Buena Vista
Distribution Company, Inc. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the book
by Robert Franklin Leslie. © Walt Disney Productions; 30Jul74; LP43779.


LP43780.

Wild in the sky. Bald Eagle Productions, Inc. An American International
Pictures release. 87 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Bald Eagle Productions,
Inc.; 15Mar72 (in notice: 1971); LP43780.


LP43781.

Wild science. Lee Mendelson Productions. 52 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Lee Mendelson Productions; 26Apr74; LP43781.


LP43782.

Memories within Miss Aggie. Inish Kae, Ltd. 74 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Appl. author: Gerard Damiano & Oxford Amusement Corporation d.b.a. The
Memory Company. © Inish Kae, Ltd.; 1May74; LP43782.


LP43783.

Heist and seek. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in association
with the Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc. Released by United Artists
Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Dogfather) © United Artists
Corporation; 4Oct74; LP43783.


LP43784.

The Goose that laid a golden egg. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced
in association with the Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc. Released by United
Artists Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Dogfather) © United
Artists Corporation; 4Oct74; LP43784.


LP43785.

Amazing Grace. United Artists Corporation. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
United Artists Corporation; 7Jun74; LP43785.


LP43786.

The Day of the jackal. Warwick Film Productions, Ltd. & Universal
Productions France, S.A. Released by Universal Studios. 142 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. From the book by Frederick Forsyth. © Warwick Film
Productions, Ltd.; 17May73; LP43786.


LP43787.

The Terminal man. Warner Brothers, Inc. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based upon a novel by Michael Crichton. © Warner Brothers, Inc.;
19Jun74; LP43787.


LP43788.

Black Belt Jones. A Weintraub-Heller production. Released by Warner
Brothers, Inc. 87 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Warner Brothers, Inc.;
16Jan74; LP43788.


LP43789.

O lucky man! Memorial Enterprises-SAM. Released by Warner Brothers, Inc.
165 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 3May73; LP43789.


LP43790.

Magnum force. A Malpaso Company film. Released by Warner Brothers, Inc.
121 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on original material by Harry Julian
& R. M. Fink. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 13Dec73; LP43790.


LP43791.

Enter the dragon. Warner Brothers, Inc.-Concord Productions, Inc. 99
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 15Aug73; LP43791.


LP43792.

Sisters. Pressman-Williams Enterprises. Released by American
International. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From an original story by
Brian De Palma. © Pressman-Williams Enterprises, Inc.; 18Apr73 (in
notice: 1972); LP43792.


LP43793.

Yankee Doodle Cricket. Chuck Jones Enterprises. 25 min., sd., color, 35
mm. Appl. au.: Charles M. Jones (Chuck Jones) © Chuck Jones Enterprises;
6May74; LP43793.


LP43794.

Miracle at Oakmont—The 1973 U.S. Open. United States Golf Association.
Made by International Sports Productions, Inc. & W and W Films. 31 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti.: Miller’s miracle at Oakmont. © United
States Golf Association; 4Sep73; LP43794.


LP43795.

Benji. Mulberry Square Productions, Inc. 87 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Mulberry Square Productions, Inc.; 22May74 (in notice: 1973); LP43795.


LP43796.

Shanks. William Castle Productions, Inc. Released by Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 9Oct74; LP43796.


LP43797.

The Flying deuces. Film Archives Company. 69 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. NM:
revisions & editing. © Film Archives Company; 16Apr74; LP43797.


LP43798.

The Faces of peril. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
M-G-M TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) ©
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 23Sep74; LP43798.


LP43799.

Adults only. An Alfra production. Produced in association with M-G-M TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.; 9Sep74; LP43799.


LP43800.

Three-cornered cage. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
M-G-M TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) ©
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 30Sep74; LP43800.


LP43801.

The Demi-god. An Alfra production. Produced in association with M-G-M
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.; 16Sep74; LP43801.


LP43802.

Fever in Rio. Wolrab Productions. Released by United Artists. 15 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. © Wolrab Productions; 18Jun73; LP43802.


LP43803.

Cool million. Westward Productions. Released by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Westward Productions; 14Oct72; LP43803.


LP43804.

Savage. Universal City Studios, Inc. Released by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 31Mar73
(in notice: 1972); LP43804.


LP43805.

Hitched. Universal City Studios, Inc. Released by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 31Mar73
(in notice: 1972); LP43805.


LP43806.

Guns of a stranger. Marty Robbins Enterprises. Released by Universal. 91
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Marty Robbins Enterprises; 18Jul73; LP43806.


LP43807.

Country music. Marty Robbins Enterprises. Released by Universal. 94
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Marty Robbins Enterprises; 2Aug72; LP43807.


LP43808.

Play it as it lays. F. P. Films, Inc. Released by Universal. 99 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by Joan Didion. © F. P. Films, Inc.;
29Oct72; LP43808.


LP43809.

Daredevil men. Cinema International Corporation, N. V. Released by
Universal. 3 reels, sd., color, 35 mm. © Cinema International
Corporation, N. V.; 21Sep72 (in notice: 1971); LP43809.


LP43810.

Uptown Saturday night. Verdon Productions, Ltd., The First Artists
Production Company, Ltd. & Warner Brothers, Inc. 104 min., sd., color,
35 mm. © Verdon Productions, Ltd., The First Artists Production Company,
Ltd. & Warner Brothers, Inc.; 16Jun74: LP43810.


LP43811.

Badlands. Pressman-Williams, Badlands, Ltd. Distributed by Warner
Brothers. 94 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Pressman-Williams, Badlands,
Ltd.; 24Mar74 (in notice: 1973); LP43811.


LP43812.

Black eye. Pat Rooney Productions & Warner Brothers, Inc. 98 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. From Jeff Jack’s novel, Murder on the wild side. © Pat
Rooney Productions; 1May74 (in notice: 1973); LP43812.


LP43813.

The New land. A Svensk Filmindustri production. Released by Warner
Brothers, Inc. 161 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From a novel by Vilhelm
Moberg. NM: editorial revision, translation & additions. © Warner
Brothers, Inc.; 2Aug73; LP43813.


LP43814.

Hookman. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association with the
CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii Five-O) ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 4Sep73; LP43814.


LP43815.

Draw me a killer. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 11Sep73; LP43815.


LP43816.

One big happy family. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 25Sep73; LP43816.


LP43817.

The Sunday torch. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 2Oct73; LP43817.


LP43818.

Murder is a taxing affair. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 9Oct73; LP43818.


LP43819.

Tricks are not treats. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 16Oct73; LP43819.


LP43820.

A Bullet for el diablo. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 6Nov73; LP43820.


LP43821.

The Finishing touch. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 13Nov73; LP43821.


LP43822.

Anybody can build a bomb. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 20Nov73; LP43822.


LP43823.

Try to die on time. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 27Nov73; LP43823.


LP43824.

The $100,000 nickel. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 4Dec73; LP43824.


LP43825.

The Flip side is death. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 11Dec73; LP43825.


LP43826.

The Banzai Pipeline. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 25Dec73; LP43826.


LP43827.

Death with Father. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 15Jan74; LP43827.


LP43828.

Murder with a golden touch. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 22Jan74; LP43828.


LP43829.

Nightmare in blue. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 29Jan74; LP43829.


LP43830.

Mother’s deadly helper. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 5Feb74; LP43830.


LP43831.

Killer at sea. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association with
the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii Five-O)
© Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 12Feb74; LP43831.


LP43832.

30,000 rooms and I have the key. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced
in association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 19Feb74;
LP43832.


LP43833.

One born every minute. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 1Jan74 (in notice:
1973); LP43833.


LP43834.

Secret witness. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 8Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
LP43834.


LP43835.

Walter’s holiday. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 20Sep73; LP43835.


LP43836.

Stitch in time. Pt. 1. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 26Sep73; LP43836.


LP43837.

Stitch in time. Pt. 2. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 6Oct73; LP43837.


LP43838.

Florida’s affair. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 9Oct73; LP43838.


LP43839.

Maude takes a job. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 20Oct73; LP43839.


LP43840.

Maude’s double standard. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 24Oct73; LP43840.


LP43841.

Vivian’s problem. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 31Oct73; LP43841.


LP43842.

The Maude musical. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 7Nov73; LP43842.


LP43843.

The Will. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 21Nov73; LP43843.


LP43844.

Carol’s problem. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 28Nov73; LP43844.


LP43845.

Music hath charms. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 8Dec73; LP43845.


LP43846.

The Lovebirds. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 26Dec73; LP43846.


LP43847.

Arthur’s wedding. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 23Jan74; LP43847.


LP43848.

Florida’s goodbye. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 30Jan74; LP43848.


LP43849.

The Tax audit. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 7Feb74; LP43849.


LP43850.

The Investment. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 14Feb74; LP43850.


LP43851.

Phillip’s problem. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 20Feb74; LP43851.


LP43852.

Maude’s guest. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 3Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
LP43852.


LP43853.

Maude’s revolt. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 30 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 17Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
LP43853.


LP43854.

Women for sale. Pt. 1. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 3Sep73; LP43854.


LP43855.

Women for sale. Pt. 2. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 10Sep73; LP43855.


LP43856.

Matt’s love story. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 17Sep73; LP43856.


LP43857.

The Boy and the sinner. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 24Sep73;
LP43857.


LP43858.

The Widowmaker. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 1Oct73; LP43858.


LP43859.

Kitty’s love affair. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 15Oct73; LP43859.


LP43860.

The Widow and the rogue. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 22Oct73;
LP43860.


LP43861.

A Game of death, an act of love. Pt.1. A CBS Television production. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
29Oct73; LP43861.


LP43862.

A Game of death, an act of love. Pt.2. A CBS Television production. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
5Nov73; LP43862.


LP43863.

Lynchtown. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 12Nov73; LP43863.


LP43864.

The Hanging of Newly O’Brien. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 19Nov73;
LP43864.


LP43865.

Susan was evil. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 26Nov73; LP43865.


LP43866.

The Deadly innocent. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 10Dec73; LP43866.


LP43867.

A Child between. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 17Dec73; LP43867.


LP43868.

A Family of killers. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 7Jan74 (in notice:
1973); LP43868.


LP43869.

A Trail of bloodshed. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 25Feb74 (in notice:
1973); LP43869.


LP43870.

Like old times. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 14Jan74; LP43870.


LP43871.

The Town tamers. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 21Jan74; LP43871.


LP43872.

The Foundling. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 4Feb74; LP43872.


LP43873.

The Iron blood of courage. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 11Feb74;
LP43873.


LP43874.

The Schoolmarm. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 18Feb74; LP43874.


LP43875.

Cowtown hustler. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 4Mar74; LP43875.


LP43876.

To ride a yeller horse. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 11Mar74;
LP43876.


LP43877.

The Disciple. A CBS Television production. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc., formerly Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 25Mar74; LP43877.


LP43878.

The Gambler. Chartoff-Winkler Productions, Inc. Released by Paramount
Pictures Corporation. 111 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 30Aug74; LP43878.


LP43879.

11 Harrowhouse. Harrowhouse Productions, Ltd. Released by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision.
Based on the novel by Gerald A. Browne. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation; 25Sep74; LP43879.


LP43880.

Newton: the mind that found the future. International Cinemedia Center.
Released by Learning Corporation of America. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
NM: compilation. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc.; 25Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP43880.


LP43881.

Black music in America: from then till now. Learning Corporation of
America. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Learning Company of
America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. NM:
compilation. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc.; 15Jul71; LP43881.


LP43882.

Film: the art of the impossible. Learning Corporation of America. 27
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Learning Company of America, a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. NM: compilation. ©
Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 2Mar72; LP43882.


LP43883.

Walter Kerr on theater. Learning Corporation of America. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Learning Company of America, a division of
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. NM: compilation. © Learning Company
of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 8Sep70;
LP43883.


LP43884.

Clown. Learning Corporation of America. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Learning Company of America, a division of Screen Gems, Inc.
© Learning Company of America, a division of Screen Gems, Inc.; 20May69
(in notice: 1968); LP43884.


LF43885.

The Merry-go-round horse. Learning Corporation of America. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Learning Company of America, a division of
Screen Gems, Inc. © Learning Company of America, a division of Screen
Gems, Inc.; 20May69 (in notice: 1968); LF43885.


LP43886.

Romanticism: revolt of the spirit. Learning Corporation of America. 25
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Learning Company of America, a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. © Learning Company of
America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 28Apr71;
LP43886.


LP43887.

The Little airplane that grew. Learning Corporation of America. 9 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Learning Company of America, a division of
Screen Gems, Inc. © Learning Company of America, a division of Screen
Gems, Inc.; 20May69 (in notice: 1968); LP43887.


LP43888.

Juggernaut. United Artists Corporation. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
United Artists Corporation; 11Sep74; LP43888.


LP43889.

Black Samson. Omni Pictures Corporation. Released by Warner Brothers. 90
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Omni Pictures Corporation; 14Aug74; LP43889.


LP43890.

All together. Xerox Films. Made by Roger Wade Productions, Inc. 3 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Recognizing two-dimensional
shapes) Appl. au.: Xerox Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox
Corporation; 10Feb71; LP43890.


LP43891.

Circles. Xerox Films. Made by Roger Wade Productions, Inc. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Recognizing two-dimensional shapes)
Appl. au.: Xerox Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation;
11May71; LP43891.


LP43892.

Squares. Xerox Films. Made by Roger Wade Productions, Inc. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Recognizing two-dimensional shapes)
Appl. au.: Xerox Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation;
25May71; LP43892.


LP43893.

Ellipses. Xerox Films. Made by Roger Wade Productions, Inc. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Recognizing two-dimensional shapes)
Appl. au.: Xerox Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation;
17Jun71; LP43893.


LP43894.

Triangles. Xerox Films. Made by Roger Wade Productions, Inc. 3 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Recognizing two-dimensional
shapes) Appl. au.: Xerox Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox
Corporation; 27Jul71; LP43894.


LP43895.

Rectangles. Xerox Films. Made by Roger Wade Productions, Inc. 3 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Recognizing two-dimensional
shapes) Appl. au.: Xerox Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox
Corporation; 9Dec71; LP43895.


LP43896.

Rectangular solids. Xerox Films. Made by Roger Wade Productions, Inc. 3
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Recognizing
three-dimensional shapes) Appl. au.: Xerox Corporation, employer for
hire. © Xerox Corporation; 17Feb71; LP43896.


LP43897.

All together. Xerox Films. Made by Roger Wade Productions, Inc. 3 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Recognizing three-dimensional
shapes) Appl. au.: Xerox Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox
Corporation; 23Mar71; LP43897.


LP43898.

Spheres. Xerox Films. Made by Roger Wade Productions, Inc. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Recognizing three-dimensional shapes)
Appl. au.: Xerox Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation;
15Apr71; LP43898.


LP43899.

Cones. Xerox Films. Made by Roger Wade Productions, Inc. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Recognizing three-dimensional shapes)
Appl. au.: Xerox Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation;
20Jul71; LP43899.


LP43900.

Ellipsoids. Xerox Films. Made by Roger Wade Productions, Inc. 3 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Recognizing three-dimensional
shapes) Appl. au.: Xerox Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox
Corporation; 11Aug71; LP43900.


LP43901.

Cubes. Xerox Films. Made by Roger Wade Productions, Inc. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Recognizing three-dimensional shapes)
Appl. au.: Xerox Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation;
16Sep71; LP43901.


LP43902.

Pyramids. Xerox Films. Made by Roger Wade Productions, Inc. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Recognizing three-dimensional shapes)
Appl. au.: Xerox Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation;
20Oct71; LP43902.


LP43903.

Cylinders. Xerox Films. Made by Roger Wade Productions, Inc. 3 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Recognizing three-dimensional
shapes) Appl. au.: Xerox Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox
Corporation; 16Nov71; LP43903.


LP43904.

Generations. A.T. and T., Information Department, Media Development
Section. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Telephone and Telegraph
Company; 25Mar70; LP43904.


LP43905.

U.F.O.’s. Lillian Schwartz. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © A.T. and T.
a.a.d. for American Telephone and Telegraph Company; 1Sep71; LP43905.


LP43906.

Pixillation. Lillian Schwartz. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © A.T. and T.
a.a.d. for American Telephone and Telegraph Company; 1Mar71 (in notice:
1970); LP43906.


LP43907.

The Day business stood still. Bob Foster Productions. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Illinois State Chamber of Commerce. © Illinois
State Chamber of Commerce: 24Sep74; LP43907.


LP43908.

The Velveteen rabbit. LSB Productions. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From
the book by Margaret Williams. Appl. au.: Leonard S. Berman. © Leonard
S. Berman d.b.a. LSB Productions: 24Sep74; LP43908.


LP43909.

Two. Colmar, Ltd. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Colmar, Ltd.; 17Jun74;
LP43909.


LP43910.

Confessions of a window cleaner. Columbia Pictures Corporation, Ltd. 90
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the Timothy Lea novel. © Columbia
Pictures Corporation, Ltd.; 8Nov74; LP43910.


LP43911.

Phase 4. Alced Productions, Ltd. Released by Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 86 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Paramount Pictures
Corporation & PBR Productions, Inc.; 31Dec73; LP43911.


LP43912.

The Last detail. Bright-Persky Associates. An Acrobat/Hal Ashby film.
Released by Columbia Pictures. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the
novel by Darryl Ponicsan. © Persky-Bright Associates (in notice:
Bright-Persky Associates); 10Dec73; LP43912.


LP43913.

The Abdication. A Robert Fryer-James Cresson production. Distributed by
Warner Brothers, Inc. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on Ruth Wolff’s
play. Appl. au.: Warner Brothers Productions, Ltd. © Warner Brothers,
Inc.; 3Oct74; LP43913.


LP43914.

Chosen survivors. Metromedia Producers Corporation. An Alpine production
in association with Churubusco Studios. Released by Columbia. 99 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. © Metromedia Producers Corporation; 22May74; LP43914.


LP43915.

The Mutations. Getty Picture Corporation, Ltd. Released by Columbia. 92
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Getty Picture Corporation, Ltd.; 25Sep74;
LP43915.


LP43916.

Charter for death. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 18Sep73; LP43916.


LP43917.

Why wait till Uncle Kevin dies? Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 23Oct73; LP43917.


LP43918.

Flash of color, flash of death. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm,
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 30Oct73; LP43918.


LP43919.

Mixed company. Llenroc Productions, Inc. Released by United Artists
Corporation. 109 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © United Artists Corporation;
28Mar74; LP43919.


LP43920.

Mother Dogfather. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in association
with the Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc. Released by United Artists
Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Dogfather) © United Artists
Corporation; 31Oct74; LP43920.


LP43921.

The Big house ain’t a home. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in
association with the Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc. Released by United
Artists Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Dogfather) © United
Artists Corporation; 31Oct74; LP43921.


LP43922.

An Aquarium in action. Xerox Films. Made by Bobwin Assoc., Inc. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (About animals) © Xerox Corporation; 12Mar71;
LP43922.


LP43923.

Gerbils. Xerox Films. Made by Bobwin Assoc., Inc. 12 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (About animals) © Xerox Corporation; 22Jun71; LP43923.


LP43924.

Guinea pigs. Xerox Films. Made by Bobwin Assoc., Inc. 9 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (About animals) © Xerox Corporation; 11Aug71; LP43924.


LP43925.

Setting up an aquarium. Xerox Films. Made by Bobwin Assoc., Inc. 9 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (About animals) © Xerox Corporation; 25Aug71;
LP43925.


LP43926.

Hamsters. Xerox Films. Made by Bobwin Assoc., Inc. 12 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (About animals) © Xerox Corporation; 22Sep71; LP43926.


LP43927.

Salamanders and lizards. Xerox Films. Made by Bobwin Assoc., Inc. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (About animals) © Xerox Corporation; 7Oct71;
LP43927.


LP43928.

Hearts and minds. A Touchstone production. Produced in association with
Audjeff. Released by Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. 110 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Appl. au.: B.B.S. Productions, Inc. © Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 13May74; LP43928.


LP43929.

A New ball came for Willie Mays. Lee Mendelson Film Productions in
association with Sheldon Fay Productions. 52 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
NM: additional cinematographic work & compilation. © Lee Mendelson Film
Productions, Inc.; 17Jul74; LP43929.


LP43930.

California split. A Persky-Bright/Reno feature. Released by Columbia
Pictures Corporation. 107 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Reno
Associates; 8Aug74; LP43930.


LP43931.

For Pete’s sake. Columbia Pictures & Rastar Pictures. Released by
Columbia Pictures. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Appl. au:
Barclay Associates. © Barclay Associates; 26Jun74; LP43931.


LP43932.

Etude in black. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80
min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Columbo NBC mystery movie) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 15Sep72; LP43932.


LP43933.

The Most crucial game. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Columbo NBC mystery movie) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 3Nov72; LP43933.


LP43934.

Dagger of the mind. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV.
106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Columbo NBC mystery movie) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 26Nov72; LP43934.


LP43935.

A Stitch in crime. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV.
80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Columbo NBC mystery movie) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 9Feb73 (in notice: 1972); LP43935.


LP43936.

Requiem for a falling star. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Columbo NBC mystery movie) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 19Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP43936.


LP43937.

Double shock. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80
min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Columbo NBC mystery movie) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 23Mar73 (in notice: 1972); LP43937.


LP43938.

The Most dangerous match. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Columbo NBC mystery movie) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 2Mar73; LP43938.


LP43939.

5 fingers of death. Warner Brothers, Inc. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Prev. pub. 22Nov72. NM: translation, revision & additions. © Warner
Brothers, Inc.; 21May73 (in notice: 1972); LP43939.


LP43940.

Night chase. Cinema Center 100. 120 min., sd., color, videotape (2 inch)
Based on a story by Collier Young. Appl. au: Cinema Center Films. ©
Cinema Center Films; 16Nov70; LP43940.


LP43941.

The Romans—life, laughter and laws. Learning Corporation of America.
Made by John Secondari Productions, Ltd. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 28Jul71; LP43941.


LP43942.

Summer wishes, winter dreams. Columbia Pictures & Rastar Pictures, Inc.
Released by Columbia. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Persky-Bright
Associates; 21Oct73; LP43942.


LP43943.

A Step out of line. Cinema Center Films. 120 min., sd., color, videotape
(2 inch) © Cinema Center Films; 19Feb71; LP43943.


LP43944.

Honk ’em, squonk ’em, git the wampum. A CBS Television Network
production. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Dirty Sally) Appl. au: CBS,
Inc. (formerly Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.) © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 4Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP43944.


LP43945.

Right of way. A CBS Television Network production. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Dirty Sally) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. (formerly Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 22Feb74 (in notice:
1973); LP43945.


LP43946.

Worthless. A CBS Television Network production. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Dirty Sally) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. (formerly Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 11Jan74; LP43946.


LP43947.

The Old soldier. A CBS Television Network production. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Dirty Sally) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. (formerly Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
18Jan74; LP43947.


LP43948.

The Convict. A CBS Television Network production. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Dirty Sally) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. (formerly Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 25Jan74; LP43948.


LP43949.

A Horse of a different color. A CBS Television Network production. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Dirty Sally) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. (formerly
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 1Feb74; LP43949.


LP43950.

Too long to wait. A CBS Television Network production. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Dirty Sally) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. (formerly Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 8Feb74;
LP43950.


LP43951.

All that glitters. A CBS Television Network production. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Dirty Sally) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. (formerly Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
15Feb74; LP43951.


LP43952.

Much ado about nothing. A CBS Television Network production. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Dirty Sally) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. (formerly Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 1Mar74;
LP43952.


LP43953.

Wimmen’s rights. A CBS Television Network production. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Dirty Sally) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. (formerly Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 8Mar74;
LP43953.


LP43954.

I never saw the Pacific. A CBS Television Network production. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Dirty Sally) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. (formerly Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
15Mar74; LP43954.


LP43955.

My fair laddie. A CBS Television Network production. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Dirty Sally) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. (formerly Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
22Mar74; LP43955.


LP43956.

The Hanging of Cyrus Pike. A CBS Television Network production. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Dirty Sally) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. (formerly Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
29Mar74; LP43956.


LP43957.

The Taking of Pelham one two three. Palomar Pictures & Palladium
Productions. Released by United Artists Corporation. 104 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on the novel by John Godey. © United
Artists Corporation; 20Sep74; LP43957.


LP43958.

The Godchild. A Mor-Film Fare. Produced in association with
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. 74 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 26Nov74; LF43958.


LF43959.

The Shattered mask. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
M-G-M TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 7Oct74; LP43959.


LP43960.

May God have mercy. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
M-G-M TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 21Oct74; LP43960.


LP43961.

The Prisoners. An Alfra production. Produced in association with M-G-M
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 28Oct74; LP43961.


LP43962.

The Bribe. An Alfra production. Produced in association with M-G-M
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 4Nov74;
LP43962.


LP43963.

Happy as the grass was green. Burt Martin Associates. 107 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Merle Good. © Happy Production
Company; 15Jun73; LP43963.


LP43964.

Yetta the yenta. Crunch Bird Studios, Inc. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Ted Petok. © Crunch Bird Studios, Inc.; 16Oct74; LP43964.


LP43965.

Pay the twenty dollars. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 6Mar74; LF43965.


LP43966.

Mike’s graduation. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 13Mar74; LP43966.


LP43967.

Archie feels left out. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 9Jan74 (in notice:
1973); LP43967.


LP43968.

We’re having a heat wave. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 12Sep73; LP43968.


LP43969.

Edith finds an old man. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 26Sep73; LP43969.


LP43970.

Archie the gambler. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 10Oct73; LP43970.


LP43971.

Henry’s farewell. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 17Oct73; LP43971.


LP43972.

Second honeymoon. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 28Nov73; LP43972.


LP43973.

Edith’s Christmas story. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 19Dec73; LP43973.


LP43974.

Getting up the rent. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 18Feb74; LP43974.


LP43975.

Michael gets suspended. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 4Mar74; LP43975.


LP43976.

Sex and the Evans family. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 11Mar74; LP43976.


LP43977.

Junior gets a patron. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 18Mar74; LP43977.


LP43978.

Junior the senior. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 25Mar74; LP43978.


LP43979.

The Visitor. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Good
times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 2Apr74; LP43979.


LP43980.

Springtime in the ghetto. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 16Apr74; LP43980.


LP43981.

My son, the lover. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 6May74; LP43981.




                                   LU
                             REGISTRATIONS


LU3675.

Happy days. Anonymous Releasing Triumvirate, Inc. 90 min. © Anonymous
Releasing Triumvirate, Inc.; 21Jun74; LU3675.


LU3676.

The Texas chain saw massacre. Tobe Hooper & Kim Henkel. 87 min., color,
16 mm. © Vortex, Inc.; 29Aug74; LU3676.


LU3677.

The Day after tomorrow. Written, produced & directed by Richard Fliegel
& Edward Mellnik. 6 photoplays (20 min. each), sd., b&w, videotape (1/2
inch) © Richard Fliegel & Ed Mellnik; 9Sep74; LU3677.


LU3678.

Tales of Manhattan. Episode no. 5. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation. 10 min., b&w. © Raymond Rohauer; 12Sep74; LU3678.


LU3679.

Soup. David V. Gregory. 7 min., 16 mm. © David V. Gregory; 17Sep74;
LU3679.




                                  MFO
                             REGISTRATIONS


MFO-50.

The Common cold. Informedia Productions, Ltd. & Canawest Film
Productions, Ltd. Canada. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Informedia
Productions, Ltd.; 15Jul74; MFO-50.




                                   MP
                             REGISTRATIONS


MP25501.

Pool sharks. Raymond Rohauer. 11 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. NM: editorial
revisions & additions. © Raymond Rohauer; 2Jul69 (in notice: 1968);
MP25501.


MP25502.

ICSP/the individualized computational skills program. Houghton Mifflin
Company. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Houghton Mifflin Company; 7Mar74
(in notice: 1973); MP25502.


MP25503.

Jungle habitat. Distributed by Warner Brothers. 9 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 19Mar73; MP25503.


MP25504.

A First look at computers. The Learning Resources Center, College of
DuPage. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: College of DuPage. ©
College of DuPage; 1Feb73; MP25504.


MP25505.

A Place to learn. The Learning Resources Center, College of DuPage. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: College of DuPage. © College of
DuPage; 1Dec72; MP25505.


MP25506.

The Journey of Lyndon Johnson. Guggenheim Productions, Inc. 51 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: The Lyndon Baines Johnson Foundation. NM:
compilation & additional cinematographic material. © The Lyndon Baines
Johnson Foundation; 22May74; MP25506.


MP25507.

The Dreamer that remains: a portrait of Harry Partch. A Tantalus film.
Produced in association with Whitelight. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Tantalus, Inc.; 1Aug73; MP25507.


MP25508.

Kids and birds and European winter. A Films, Inc. presentation &
Institut Fuer Film und Bild. Distributed by Films, Inc. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (See ’n tell series) Add. ti.: Kids, birds and a European
winter. Appl. au.: Visual Education Centre, a division of Public Media,
Inc. NM: abridgment. © Visual Education Centre, a division of Public
Media, Inc.; 1Sep72 (in notice: 1971); MP25508.


MP25509.

I can be a production worker. ACI production. 11 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (When I grow up) Add. ti.: I can be a food processing worker; I can
be a food production worker. © ACI Films, Inc.; 26Feb74; MP25509.


MP25510.

I can be a mechanic. ACI production. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When I
grow up) © ACI Films, Inc.; 28Feb74; MP25510.


MP25511.

I can be a hospital worker. ACI production. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(When I grow up) © ACI Films, Inc.; 26Feb74; MP25511.


MP25512.

I can be a community service worker. ACI production. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (When I grow up) © ACI Films, Inc.; 21Feb74; MP25512.


MP25513.

Basic sheet metal repair techniques. Motors Insurance Corporation. 27
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Motors Insurance Corporation; 11Jun74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25513.


MP25514.

Milliammeter shunt actions. T. M. Adams, 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams; 1Oct72;
MP25514.


MP25515.

D’Arsonval moving coil. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams; 1Oct72;
MP25515.


MP25516.

Wheatstone bridge—resistive. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams;
1Oct72; MP25516.


MP25517.

Ohmmeters—series and shunt. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams; 1Oct72;
MP25517.


MP25518.

Voltmeter multiplier actions. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams;
1Oct72; MP25518.


MP25519.

Capacitance principles. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams; 1Oct72;
MP25519.


MP25520.

Diode vacuum tube voltmeters. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams;
4Oct73; MP25520.


MP25521.

L—and pi—type high pass filters. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. in cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams;
4Oct73; MP25521.


MP25522.

Band pass filter. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams; 4Oct73;
MP25522.


MP25523.

L—and pi—type low pass filters. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams;
4Oct73; MP25523.


MP25524.

Automatic volume control. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams; 4Oct73;
MP25524.


MP25525.

Triode vacuum tube voltmeters. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams;
4Oct73; MP25525.


MP25526.

Band reject filter. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams; 4Oct73;
MP25526.


MP25527.

Series and parallel resonance. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams;
4Oct75; MP25527.


MP25528.

Wattmeter actions. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Electronic circuit action series) © T. M. Adams; 4Oct73;
MP25528.


MP25529.

Boiler operation, fireside. A Marshall Maintenance production. Produced
in cooperation with Camden County Vocational and Technical School. 16
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Marshall Maintenance; 6Jun74; MP25529.


MP25530.

Boiler operation, waterside. A Marshall Maintenance production. Produced
in cooperation with Camden County Vocational and Technical School. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Marshall Maintenance; 6Jun74; MP25530.


MP25531.

The Adventure of early childhood education. The California State
Department of Education. A Film Dynamics production. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © California State Department of Education; 16Feb74;
MP25531.


MP25532.

Circles 2, variation 2, Doris Chase. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev.
pub. 1972. NM: additions, revisions & abridgment. © Doris Chase; 2Oct73
(in notice: 1972); MP25532.


MP25533.

Circles 2. Doris Chase. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Doris Chase;
4Mar72; MP25533.


MP23534.

A Capacity for growth. Released by the American National Red Cross. 25
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Some footage & stills prev. pub. NM: compilation
& additions. © The American National Red Cross; 14Feb74; MP25534.


MP25535.

The American Vice Presidency. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Screen News Digest, vol.
16, issue 6) NM: compilation & additions. © Hearst Metrotone News, a
division of the Hearst Corporation; 4Feb74; MP25535.


MP25536.

The Third world. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Screen News Digest, vol. 16,
issue 8) NM: compilation & additions. © Hearst Metrotone News, a
division of the Hearst Corporation; 2Apr74; MP25536.


MP25537.

House of wonders. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Screen News Digest, vol. 16,
issue 5) NM: compilation & additions. © Hearst Metrotone News, a
division of the Hearst Corporation; 3Jan74; MP25537.


MP25538.

Servant of the people. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Screen News Digest, vol. 16,
issue 7) © Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst Corporation;
4Mar74; MP25538.


MP25539.

Peron’s return. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Screen News Digest, vol. 16,
issue 3) NM: compilation & additions. © Hearst Metrotone News, a
division of the Hearst Corporation; 5Nov73; MP25539.


MP25540.

Promised land, troubled land. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Screen News Digest, vol.
16, issue 4) NM: compilation & additions. © Hearst Metrotone News, a
division of the Hearst Corporation; 3Dec73; MP25540.


MP25541.

The Energy challenge. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Screen News Digest, vol. 16,
issues 1–2) NM: compilation & additions. © Hearst Metrotone News, a
division of Hearst Corporation; 24Sep73; MP25541.


MP25542.

Ray Lum: mule trader. Center for Southern Folklore. 18 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au.: Bill Ferris & Judy Peiser. © Bill Ferris & Judy
Peiser; 27Mar73; MP25542.


MP25543.

Highlights of British dog shows. An In-sight production. Released by the
Gaines Dog Research Center & Top Choice. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Gaines Dog Research Center; 1Mar74; MP25543.


MP25544.

Journey to the outer limits. The National Geographic Society & Wolper
Productions. 50 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic Society;
2Jan74; MP25544.


MP25545.

Careers: it’s all up to you. Independent School District Number 112. 140
min., sd., b&w, videotape (1/2 inch) in reel. Appl. au.: Chaska Public
Schools. © Chaska Public Schools; 15May74; MP25545.


MP25546.

A Very natural thing. Released by Montage Creations. 88 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Christopher Larkin & Joseph Coencas. © Montage
Creations, Inc.; 2May74; MP25546.


MP25547.

Detroit’s Emergency Medical Service. American Film House. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © American Film House, Inc.; 1Jul74; MP25547.


MP25548.

Rowls/Woodcrafter. William Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16
mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 10Jan74; MP25548.


MP25549.

Sound out films. No. 1–34. Houghton Mifflin Company. 57 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Interaction: a student centered language arts and
reading program) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 16Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25549.


MP25550.

The Star system Xi Ursae Majoris. A Houghton Mifflin film. 8 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Explorations in space and time) © Houghton Mifflin
Company; 5Jul73; MP25550.


MP25551.

The Motion of stars. A Houghton Mifflin film. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Explorations in space and time) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 19Sep73;
MP25551.


MP25552.

Algol, the demon star. A Houghton Mifflin film. 8 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Explorations in space and time) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 1Nov73;
MP25552.


MP25553.

Sirius and the White Dwarf. A Houghton Mifflin film. 8 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Explorations in space and time) © Houghton Mifflin Company;
2Nov73; MP25553.


MP25554.

Planetary motion and Kepler’s laws. A Houghton Mifflin film. 8 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Explorations in space and time) © Houghton Mifflin
Company; 12Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25554.


MP25555.

Star clusters. A Houghton Mifflin film. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Explorations in space and time) Appl. states all new except some
photos. © Houghton Mifflin Company; 20Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25555.


MP25556.

The Motions of attracting bodies. A Houghton Mifflin film. 8 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Explorations in space and time) © Houghton Mifflin
Company; 2May74 (in notice: 1973); MP25556.


MP25557.

The Doppler effect in sound and light. A Houghton Mifflin film. 8 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Explorations in space and time) © Houghton Mifflin
Company; 6May74 (in notice: 1973); MP25557.


MP25558.

I’d like to see the world. Vision Associates, Inc. 7 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © The Coca-Cola Company; 1Dec73 (in notice: 1972); MP25558.


MP25559.

In white collar America. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 51 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © The National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 14Mar74;
MP25559.


MP25560.

Oxygen and iron atoms combining. Doubleday Multimedia, division of
Doubleday and Company, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company,
Inc. (in notice: Doubleday and Company, Inc.); 5Sep73; MP25560.


MP25561.

Water expands into gas. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. (in notice:
Doubleday and Company, Inc.); 3Oct71; MP25561.


MP25562.

Doctor Tom and his magic tree. An Allend’or production. Produced for
Southern Council of Optometrists. Produced in cooperation with
University of South Carolina, Division of Educational Services. 15 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. From a story idea by E. H. Brown, Jr. © Southern
Council of Optometrists, Inc.; 17Feb74; MP25562.


MP25563.

Winter. XGMR 3669. Grain Belt Breweries, Inc. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Grain Belt Breweries, Inc.; 1Apr74; MP25563.


MP25564.

Transition-lift. XGMR 3939. Grain Belt Breweries, Inc. 30 sec., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Grain Belt Breweries, Inc.; 1Apr74; MP25564.


MP25565.

Transition. XGMR 3769. Grain Belt Breweries, Inc. 1 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Grain Belt Breweries, Inc.; 1Apr74; MP25565.


MP25566.

Winter-lift. XGMR 3839. Grain Belt Breweries, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color,
16 mm. © Grain Belt Breweries, Inc.; 1Apr74; MP25566.


MP25567.

Opportunities in life insurance. Professional Selling Institute, Inc. 17
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Series of the greats) ©
Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 7Mar74; MP25567.


MP25568.

Closely held corporation stock plans. Professional Selling Institute,
Inc. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Series of the
greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 7Mar74; MP25568.


MP25569.

Prospecting the million dollar year. Professional Selling Institute,
Inc. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Series of the
greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 7Mar74; MP25569.


MP25570.

The Twenty-one cent bet and a positive slump eliminator. Professional
Selling Institute, Inc. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
(Series of the greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 7Mar74;
MP25570.


MP25571.

How I developed a multi-million dollar production in a town of 12,000.
Professional Selling Institute, Inc. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Series of the greats) © Professional Selling Institute,
Inc.; 20Mar74; MP25571.


MP25572.

Steps to success in selling life insurance. Professional Selling
Institute, Inc. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Series
of the greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 20Mar74; MP25572.


MP25573.

How to reach the million dollar production goal. Professional Selling
Institute, Inc. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Series
of the greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 3Apr74; MP25573.


MP25574.

How to sell a complicated trust plan. Professional Selling Institute,
Inc. 19 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Series of the
greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 3Apr74; MP25574.


MP25575.

Secrets of success and how you can take advantage of inflation.
Professional Selling Institute, Inc. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Series of the greats) © Professional Selling Institute,
Inc.; 3Apr74; MP25575.


MP25576.

How to use a simple check list to measure your daily progress.
Professional Selling Institute, Inc. 19 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Series of the greats) © Professional Selling Institute,
Inc.; 3Apr74; MP25576.


MP25577.

Picnic. The Rath Packing Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © The Rath
Packing Company; 15Oct73; MP25577.


MP25578.

Kid. The Rath Packing Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © The Rath
Packing Company; 15Oct73; MP25578.


MP25579.

Lunch. The Rath Packing Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © The Rath
Packing Company; 15Oct73; MP25579.


MP25580.

The Science of glass packaging and handling. PPG Industries presents. A
William G. Beal production. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © PPG
Industries, Inc.; 10Apr74; MP25580.


MP25581.

An Animated class project. The Dolores Kohl Educational Foundation &
Otter Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The Dolores Kohl
Foundation a.a.d. for Dolores Kohl Educational Foundation; 27Dec73;
MP25581.


MP25582.

Executing programs in VS. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Virtual storage concepts, lesson 819.6, pt. 1)
© Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 9May74; MP25582.


MP25583.

Programming in a VS environment. Edutronics Systems International, Inc.
12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Virtual storage concepts, lesson 819.4, pt.
1) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 9May74; MP25583.


MP25584.

Bushmen of the Kalahari. The National Geographic Society & Wolper
Productions. 50 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic Society;
9May74; MP25584.


MP25585.

Africa next door. Gardner Advertising Company. 14 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Anheuser-Busch, Inc.; 1Apr74; MP25585.


MP23586.

Alcoholism in industry. The Bureau of Business Practice, Inc. 24 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Bureau of Business Practice, Inc.; 14Jun74;
MP25586.


MP25587.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P540. Ambassador College. 29 min.,
sd., color, videotape. © Ambassador College; 21Jan74; MP25587.


MP25588.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P597. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 21May74;
MP25588.


MP25589.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P602. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 28May74;
MP25589.


MP25590.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P593. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 8May74; MP25590.


MP25591.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P591. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 6May74; MP25591.


MP25592.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P585. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 23Apr74;
MP25592.


MP25593.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P595. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 10May74;
MP25593.


MP25594.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P583. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 19Apr74;
MP25594.


MP25595.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P600. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 24May74;
MP25595.


MP23596.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P588. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 26May74;
MP25596.


MP25597.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P605. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 31May74;
MP25597.


MP25598.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P607. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 4Jun74; MP25598.


MP25599.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P596. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 20May74;
MP25599.


MP25600.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P590. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 3May74; MP25600.


MP25601.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P606. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 3Jun74; MP25601.


MP25602.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P608. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 5Jun74; MP25602.


MP25603.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P582. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 18Apr74;
MP25603.


MP25604.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P578. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 9Apr74; MP25604.


MP25605.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P587. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 16May74;
MP25605.


MP25606.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P589. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 2May74: MP25606.


MP25607.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P599. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 23May74;
MP25607.


MP25608.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P586. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 24Apr74;
MP25608.


MP25609.

How T-groups work. BNA & Alfred J. Marrow. Distributed by BNA
Communications, Inc., a subsidiary of the Bureau of National Affairs,
Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The T-group experience for individual
and organizational effectiveness, film 1) © Alfred J. Marrow; 29May74;
MP25609.


MP25610.

A New way of learning. BNA & Alfred J. Marrow. Distributed by BNA
Communications, Inc., a subsidiary of the Bureau of National Affairs,
Inc. 33 min., sd., color, 16 min. (The T-group experience for individual
and organizational effectiveness, film 2) © Alfred J. Marrow; 29May74;
MP25610.


MP25611.

Practical applications. BNA & Alfred J. Marrow. Distributed by BNA
Communications, Inc., a subsidiary of the Bureau of National Affairs,
Inc. 31 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The T-group experience for individual
and organizational effectiveness, film 3) © Alfred J. Marrow; 29May74;
MP25611.


MP25612.

Bicycling on the safe side. Ramsgate Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Ramsgate Films; 1Jun74; MP25612.


MP25613.

The Circle called man. Hoffman Information Systems. 21 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Circle called man) Appl. au: James S. Lindberg, Ronnie K.
Lindberg & Belsonia Paul. © Audio Visual Headquarters Corporation;
8Apr74; MP25613.


MP25614.

Up here looking down. Sandy Northrop. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Sandy Northrop; 26Mar74 (in notice: 1973); MP25614.


MP25615.

I can be a builder. ACI production. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When I
grow up) © ACI films, Inc.; 26Feb74; MP25615.


MP25616.

Insulation, the defensive line. Johns-Manville. Made by Motion Picture
Division, Broyles, Allebaugh and Davis, Inc. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Johns-Manville Corporation; 25Jun74; MP25616.


MP25617.

It’s your heart. American Telephone and Telegraph Company. Produced in
cooperation with the American Heart Association & the Bergen County
Heart Association Cardiac Work Evaluation Unit. Made by Audio
Productions, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Telephone and
Telegraph Company; 7Oct72; MP25617.


MP25618.

Peanuts—and the peanut butter plant. Centron Educational Films. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Centron Corporation, Inc. © Centron
Corporation, Inc.: 13Mar74; MP25618.


MP25619.

Americana: the rural telephone. Centron Educational Films. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Centron Corporation, Inc. © Centron Corporation.
Inc.; 17May74; MP25619.


MP25620.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P536. Ambassador College. 29 min.,
sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 28Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25620.


MP25621.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. 550. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 6Feb74;
MP25621.


MP25622.

The Great piggybank raid (honesty) Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 19Apr74; MP25622.


MP25623.

The Magic scarab (superstition) Coronet Instructional Media, a division
of Esquire, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional
Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 5Apr74; MP25623.


MP25624.

The Treasure hunt (teamwork) Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media,
a division of Esquire, Inc.; 8Apr74; MP25624.


MP25625.

New zebra in town (acceptance) Coronet Instructional Media, a division
of Esquire, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional
Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 19Apr74; MP25625.


MP25626.

The Durango Daredevil strikes again (bullying) Coronet Instructional
Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 8Apr74; MP25626.


MP25627.

Taffy’s imagination (fear of the dark) Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 5Apr74; MP25627.


MP25628.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P569. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Worldwide Church
of God; 10Mar74; MP25628.


MP25629.

The Wordworks, 6. Houghton Mifflin Company. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Houghton Mifflin Company; 27Jun74 (in notice: 1973); MP25629.


MP25630.

The Wordworks, 7. Houghton Mifflin Company. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Houghton Mifflin Company; 27Jun74 (in notice: 1973); MP25630.


MP25631.

The Wordworks, 9. Houghton Mifflin Company. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Houghton Mifflin Company; 27Jun74 (in notice: 1973); MP25631.


MP25632.

The Wordworks, 5. Houghton Mifflin Company. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Houghton Mifflin Company; 27Jun74 (in notice: 1973); MP25632.


MP25633.

The Wordworks, 10. Houghton Mifflin Company. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Houghton Mifflin Company; 27Jun74 (in notice: 1973); MP25633.


MP25634.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P601. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Worldwide Church
of God; 27May74; MP25634.


MP25635.

You pack your own chute. A Ramic Productions film. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Ramic Productions; 18Apr72; MP25635.


MP25636.

How many stars. Moody Institute of Science, Educational Film Division.
12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. 7Jun54. NM: revisions & 65% new
matter. © Moody Institute of Science; 3Apr74; MP25636.


MP25637.

The Human machine. Moody Institute of Science, Educational Film
Division. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. 8Nov55, MP6801. NM:
revisions & 47% new matter. © Moody Institute of Science; 19Mar74;
MP25637.


MP25638.

Marathon “Swashbuckle showdown.” Mars, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
Add. ti: Marathon candy bar (Swashbuckle showdown) © Mars, Inc.; 1Jul74;
MP25638.


MP25639.

About apples. Films, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (About series) ©
Films, Inc.; 23Apr74; MP25639.


MP25640.

How to con a doctor. No. 2. Paul H. Blachly. 45 min., sd., color,
videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Paul H. Blachly; 19Jun74; MP25640.


MP25641.

Orthodontics: a special kind of dentistry. A CAPAD production. Produced
in association with the American Association of Orthodontists. 12 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © The American Association of Orthodontists; 16May73;
MP25641.


MP25642.

The Forgotten West. A National Geographic Society educational
presentation. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. 28Nov72 & reg.
MP24137. NM: abridgment. © National Geographic Society; 20May74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25642.


MP25643.

Solar eclipse, ’73. A National Geographic Society educational
presentation. Produced in association with Educational Expeditions
International. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic
Society; 12Jul74; MP25643.


MP25644.

Mrs. Liddle/bowling. William Esty Company, Inc. 1 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 15Apr74; MP25644.


MP25645.

Kathy Cornelius—ABC golf. William Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 4Feb74; MP25645.


MP25646.

Jane Heller. William Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Colgate Palmolive Company; 29Apr74; MP25646.


MP25647.

Buy me. William Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate
Palmolive Company; 24Jan74; MP25647.


MP25648.

Judy Rankin and child—ABC. William Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 10Jan74; MP25648.


MP25649.

Whack Baugh—day of tournament. William Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 20Apr74; MP25649.


MP25650.

Little girl. William Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Colgate Palmolive Company; 4Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25650.


MP25651.

Dermassaqe—“Mrs. B.” William Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16
mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 1May74; MP25651.


MP25652.

Jan Ferraris. William Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Colgate Palmolive Company; 5Feb74; MP25652.


MP25653.

New hot job. William Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Colgate Palmolive Company; 22Sep73; MP25653.


MP25654.

More about me. Raymond Rohauer. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au:
George Bernard Shaw. © Raymond Rohauer; 15Feb67; MP25654.


MP25655.

Bigger, faster, stronger. Motion Picture Department, Brigham Young
University. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University;
25Apr74; MP25655.


MP25656.

Washcloth rev. number 2. Pfizer, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Add.
ti: Dabaways versus washcloth, 2. © Pfizer, Inc.; 16Jul74; MP25656.


MP25657.

The Supermarket. Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc. 11 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 31Jul74; MP25657.


MP25658.

Alive and feeling great. Girls Clubs of America, Inc. Produced in
cooperation with Readers Digest. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Girls
Clubs of America; 24Apr74; MP25658.


MP25659.

Rush to judgment. Emile De Antonio. 110 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. Based on
the book of the same title by Mark Lane. NM: compilation & 65% new
footage. © Judgment Film Corporation (in notice: Judgment Films
Corporation); 16Jan67 (in notice: 1966); MP25659.


MP25660.

Leptodora kindtii (Cladoceran branchiopod) Harper and Row, Publishers,
Inc. 6 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Transparent animals)
Appl. au: Robert Day Allen & Charles Edwards. © Harper and Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP25660.


MP25661.

Comb jelly (Ctenophore) Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 6 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Transparent animals) Appl. au: Robert
Day Allen. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 26Oct73; MP25661.


MP25662.

Euglena gracilis. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 5 min., si., color.
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Transparent animals) Appl. au: Robert Day
Allen. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 30Mar73; MP25662.


MP25663.

Amoeba proteus. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 6 min., si., color.
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Transparent animals) Appl. au: Robert Day
Allen. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP25663.


MP25664.

The Living plant cell. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 5 min., si.,
color. Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Cells and cell processes) Appl. au:
Robert Day Allen & Nina Stromgren Allen. © Harper and Row, Publishers,
Inc.; 15Dec73; MP25664.


MP25665.

Leucocyte movement. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 6 min., si., color.
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Cells and cell processes) Appl. au: Robert
Day Allen & Robert Hard. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 26Oct73;
MP25665.


MP25666.

Amoeboid movement. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 6 min., si., color.
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Cells and cell processes) Appl. au: Robert
Day Allen. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 26Oct73; MP25666.


MP25667.

Phagocytosis. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 6 min., si., color. Super
8 mm. in cartridge. (Cells and cell processes) Appl. au: Robert Day
Allen. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Mar74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25667.


MP25668.

Photodinesis: chloroplast movements in response to light. Harper and
Bow, Publishers, Inc. 6 min., si., color. Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
(Cells and cell processes) Appl. au: Robert Day Allen & Nina Stromgren
Allen. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Mar74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25668.


MP25669.

Shuttle streaming in the slime mold Physarum polycephalum. Harper and
Row, Publishers, Inc. 6 min., si., color. Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
(Cells and cell processes) Appl. au: Robert Day Allen. © Harper and Bow,
Publishers, Inc.; 31Mar74 (in notice: 1973); MP25669.


MP25670.

Cytoplasmic streaming in green plants. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.
6 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Cells and cell processes)
Appl. au: Robert Day Allen & Nina Stromgren Allen. © Harper and Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 4Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25670.


MP25671.

The Wordworks, 8. Houghton Mifflin Company. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Houghton Mifflin Company; 27Jun74 (in notice: 1973); MP25671.


MP25672.

Countdown to air time—a test of leadership. Fisher Film Group. 14 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: International Business Machines
Corporation. © International Business Machines Corporation, alternate
designation: IBM Corporation; 15Jul74; MP25672.


MP25673.

Profiles of achievement. Fisher Film Group. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: International Business Machines Corporation, © International
Business Machines Corporation, alternate designation: IBM Corporation;
15Jul74; MP25673.


MP25674.

The Ripple effect. A Gittelman Film Associates, Inc. production. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: International Business Machines
Corporation. © International Business Machines Corporation, alternate
designation: IBM Corporation; 15Jul74; MP25674.


MP25675.

The Braille children. International Business Machines Corporation. Made
by Vantage Communications, Inc. & Drew Associates. 8 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © International Business Machines Corporation, alternate
designation: IBM Corporation; 15Jul74; MP25675.


MP25676.

How to achieve the good life. Ross Roy, Inc. 19 min., sd., color. Super
8 mm. Add. ti: The Good life (sales training) © Chrysler Corporation;
19Apr74; MP25676.


MP25677.

Factors affecting fuel economy. Ross Roy, Inc. 19 min., sd., color.
Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corporation; 18Jun74; MP25677.


MP25678.

Presenting your product. Ross Roy, Inc. 19 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
© Chrysler Corporation; 24Jun74; MP25678.


MP25679.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P572. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Worldwide Church
of God; 1Apr74; MP25679.


MP25680.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P576. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Worldwide Church
of God; 5Apr74; MP25680.


MP25681.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P579. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Worldwide Church
of God; 10Apr74; MP25681.


MP25682.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P592. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette, © Worldwide Church
of God; 7May74; MP25682.


MP25683.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P594. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Worldwide Church
of God; 9May74; MP25683.


MP25684.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P598. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette, © Worldwide Church
of God; 22May74; MP25684.


MP25685.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P603. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Worldwide Church
of God, 29May74; MP25685.


MP25686.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P604. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Worldwide Church
of God; 30May74; MP25686.


MP25687.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. P563. Worldwide Church of God. 29
min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Worldwide Church
of God; 7Jun79; MP25687.


MP25688.

The Wankel engine—an analysis. Craig Alesse. Released by Amherst Media.
12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Craig Alesse; 28May73; MP25688.


MP25689.

The Joy of achievement. A Lana production, a division of Saparoff Films,
Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Albert Saparoff d.b.a. Dana
Productions, division of Saparoff Films, Inc. © Dana Productions, a
division of Saparoff Films, Inc.; 15Jul74; MP25689.


MP25690.

Raising performance expectations. Robert H. Schaffer and Associates. 15
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Program for management achievement, film 9) ©
Robert H. Schaffer and Associates; 23Oct73; MP25690.


MP25691.

Expanding the achievement process. Robert H. Schaffer and Associates. 15
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Program for management achievement, film 8) ©
Robert H. Schaffer and Associates; 23Oct73; MP25691.


MP25692.

Avoiding pitfalls in breakthrough projects. Robert H. Schaffer and
Associates. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Program for management
achievement, film 6) © Robert H. Schaffer and Associates; 23Oct73;
MP25692.


MP25693.

Programming for management achievement. Robert H. Schaffer and
Associates. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Program for management
achievement, film 4) © Robert H. Schaffer and Associates; 23Oct73;
MP25693.


MP25694.

The Management of time. Robert H. Schaffer and Associates. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Program for management achievement, film 5) © Robert H.
Schaffer and Associates; 23Oct73; MP25694.


MP25695.

Mobilizing help in achieving goals. Robert H. Schaffer and Associates.
15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Program for management achievement, film 7)
© Robert B. Schaffer and Associates; 23Oct73; MP25695.


MP25696.

Identifying potentials for expanded performance. Robert H. Schaffer and
Associates. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm, (Program for management
achievement, film 2) © Robert B. Schaffer and Associates; 23Oct73;
MP25696.


MP25697.

Extending the horizon, longer term goals. Robert H. Schaffer and
Associates. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Program for management
achievement, film 10) © Robert H. Schaffer and Associates; 23Oct73;
MP25697.


MP25698.

The Breakthrough project. Robert H. Schaffer and Associates. 15 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Program for management achievement, film 3) © Robert
H. Schaffer and Associates; 23Oct73; MP25698.


MP25699.

Perspective on the program for management achievement. Robert H.
Schaffer and Associates. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Program for
management achievement, film 1) Add. ti: Perspective on the PMA. ©
Robert H. Schaffer and Associates; 23Oct73; MP25699.


MP25700.

Birds of the Arctic. Coronet & the Laboratory of Ornithology, Cornell
University. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 25Mar74; MP25700.


MP25701.

Rhythm, rhythm everywhere. A Coronet film. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 10May74;
MP25701.


MP25702.

The Helpful little mailman. A Coronet film. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 22Mar74;
MP25702.


MP25703.

We explore the marsh. A Coronet film. 11 min., sd., color, 16mm. ©
Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 14Mar74;
MP25703.


MP25704.

An Alphabet of animals. A Coronet film. 13 min., ed., color, 16 mm. ©
Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 29May74;
MP25704.


MP25705.

Thailand: past and present. Unicorn Productions, Inc. Released by
Coronet. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 6Feb74; MP25705.


MP25706.

Footprints in stone. Films for Christ Association. 43 min., ed., color,
16 mm. Appl. ed: Stanley B. Taylor. © Films for Christ Association;
31Dec72; MP25706.


MP25707.

A Step at a time. The National Foundation. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
The National Foundation; 29Sep73; MP25707.


MP25708.

Chromosome banding techniques. A Milner-Fenwick production & The
National Foundation. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Milner-Fenwick, Inc.;
1May74; MP25708.


MP25709.

Clear the track. Safety Department, Union Pacific Railroad. Made by
Department of Public Relations, Audio-Visual Services, Union Pacific
Railroad. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Union Pacific Railroad; 9Apr79;
MP25709.


MP25710.

PH-the disease and its conquest. A Milner-Fenwick production & The
National Foundation. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Milner-Fenwick, Inc.;
1May74; MP25710.


MP25711.

Wastewater bonanza. A Cavalcade production. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© The Paul Williams Company, Inc.; 19Feb74; MP25711.


MP25712.

Clever Hikoichi. Gakken Company, Ltd. released by Coronet. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 13Feb74; MP25712.


MP25713.

SCI teacher training program. Course 1, lessons no. 1–13, 18–33.
Maharishi International University. 17 hours, sd., b&w, videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. © Maharishi International University; 8Dec72;
MP25713.


MP25714.

Training the construction laborer. Merkle Services production. 22 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Laborers-AGC Education and Training Fund.
© Laborers-AGC Education and Training Fund; 15Jun74; MP25714.


MP25715.

The Church in action, 1971. Brigham Young University. Released by the
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints under the direction of the
First Presidency & the Council of the Twelve. 20 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Brigham Young University; 11Mar74 (in notice: 1972); MP25715.


MP25716.

Remarks and conversations with Helen Frankenthaler. Portland State
University. 25 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Portland State University;
1May74; MP25716.


MP25717.

Porcelain enchantments. Cybis. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Cybis;
16Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP25717.


MP25718.

Blic pen commercial, 1. Steven N. Katzenberger. 1 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
Add. ti.: Blic pens television commercial advertisement pilot. © Steven
N. Katzenberger; 1Aug74; MP25718.


MP25719.

Bunion surgery—a new approach. A Billy Burke production. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Southern California Permanente Medical Group. ©
Southern California California Permanente Medical Group; 4Feb74;
MP25719.


MP25720.

Time to discover. Saint Regis Paper Company & the Tom Thomas
Organization. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Saint Regis a.a.d.o. Saint
Regis Paper Company; 1Nov75; MP25720.


MP25721.

Accident investigation, 1. Woroner Films, Inc. Released by Motorola. 23
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Woroner Films, Inc.; 28Mar74; MP25721.


MP25722.

Accident investigation, 2. Woroner Films, Inc. Released by Motorola. 23
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Woroner Films, Inc.; 30Mar74; MP25722.


MP25723.

“Origami”—geometrical form. Danree Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Danree Productions; 1Mar74 (in notice: 1973); MP25723


MP25724.

“Origami”—free form. Danree Productions. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Danree Productions; 1Mar74 (in notice: 1973); MP25724.


MP25725.

Interpersonal process recall. A Media Associates production. 25 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Norman I. Kagan. © Norman I. Kagan;
15Dec73; MP25725.


MP25726.

Busch Gardens West. Gardner Advertising Company. 14 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Anheuser-Busch, Inc.; 1Apr74; MP25726.


MP25727.

The Emerging woman. Women’s Film Project. 40 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. NM:
compilation & additions. © The Women’s Film Project; 1Apr74; MP25727.


MP25728.

Safety for the new employee. A Marshall Maintenance production. 23 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Marshall Maintenance; 30Dec73; MP25728.


MP25729.

Heart attack. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 51 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 18Jul74; MP25729.


MP25730.

Tools for cutting: stone axes to lasers. Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 10Jun74; MP25730.


MP25731.

Building better paragraphs. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 2nd ed. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 12Jun74; MP25731.


MP25732.

Listen well, learn well. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 2nd ed. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 31May74; MP25732.


MP25733.

Pankin and child, day of tournament. Colgate Palmolive Company. Made by
William Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate
Palmolive Company; 20Apr74; MP25733.


MP25734.

Christ’s church through the ages. Motion Picture Department, Brigham
Young University. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young
University; 25Apr74; MP25734.


MP25735.

Volunteer. Pfizer, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.;
1Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP25735.


MP25736.

A Place for Aunt Lois. Wombat Productions, Inc. 17 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Wombat Productions, Inc.; 17Jan74; MP25736.


MP25737.

Programming in a VS environment. Pt. 2. Edutronics Systems
International. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Virtual storage concepts) ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 13Aug74; MP25737.


MP25738.

The Shakers. Tom Davenport Films. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.:
Tom Davenport. © Tom Davenport Films; 1Jul74; MP25738.


MP25739.

The Combination set. Visual Instruction Productions, a department of
Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub.
15Oct73, MP24550–24553. NM: compilation, abridgement & editorial
revision. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Jun74; MP25739.


MP25740.

The Combination square. L. S. Stannett Company. Made by Visual
Instruction Productions, a department of Victor Kayfetz Productions. 13
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. 15Oct73, MP24554–24557. NM:
compilation, abridgement & editorial revision. © Victor Kayfetz
Productions, Inc.; 15Jun74; MP25740.


MP25741.

The Bevel protractor. L. S. Stannett Company. Made by Visual Instruction
Productions, a department of Victor Kayfetz Productions. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. 15Oct73, MP24558–24562. NM: compilation,
abridgement & editorial revision. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.;
15Jun74; MP25741.


MP25742.

Evolution of the red star. Adam K. Beckett. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Adam K. Beckett; 28Nov73; MP25742.


MP25743.

Heavy-light. Adam K. Beckett. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Adam K.
Beckett; 18Oct73; MP25743.


MP25744.

Sausage City. Adam K. Beckett. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Adam K.
Beckett; 25Mar74; MP25744.


MP25745.

Flesh flows. Adam K. Beckett. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Adam K.
Beckett; 25Mar74; MP25745.


MP25746.

Friend. Avon Products. Made by UniWorld Group, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color,
16 mm. © Avon Products, Inc.; 13Aug74; MP25746.


MP25747.

Report on Greece. Time, Inc. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The March of
time, vol. 12, no. 7) © Time, Inc.; 22Feb46; MP25747.


MP25748.

Freedom. Corridor Productions, Inc. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Contemporary values series) © Corridor Productions, Inc.; 23Aug74;
MP25748.


MP25749.

Truth. Corridor Productions, Inc. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Contemporary values series) © Corridor Productions, Inc.; 23Aug74;
MP25749.


MP25750.

Peace child. Prairie Bible Institute in cooperation with Regions Beyond
Missionary Union. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Edward G.
Tizzard. © Edward G. Tizzard; 25Mar74; MP25750.


MP25751.

The Missed period. Population Dynamics. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Population Dynamics; 30Apr74; MP25751.


MP25752.

Nutrition and black Americans. Lee Creative Communications, Inc. 28
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Lee Creative Communications, Inc.; 4May74;
MP25752.


MP25753.

Poisonous plants. The Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University. 26 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © The President and Fellows of Harvard College;
1Apr74; MP25753.


MP25754.

Indian conversation. Lucyann Kerry. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Lucyann Kerry; 1Jun74; MP25754.


MP25755.

Basket builder. Lucyann Kerry. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Lucyann
Kerry; 15Jan74; MP25755.


MP25756.

Hot on the job. Diverse Industries, Inc. 12 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm.
© Diverse Industries, Inc.; 15Dec73; MP25756.


MP25757.

Patrol procedures 5: Nondomestic field problems. Woroner Films, Inc. 22
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Officer training) Add. ti.: Patrol procedures
5: Field problems. © Woroner Films, Inc.; 24Aug73; MP25757.


MP25758.

Pursuit driving, Defensive driving 4. Woroner Films, Inc. 25 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Officer training) Add. ti.: Defensive driving 4: Pursuit
driving. © Woroner Films, Inc.; 21Sep73; MP25758.


MP25759.

Patrol procedures 4: Special situations. Woroner Films, Inc. 25 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Officer training) © Woroner Films, Inc.; 18May73;
MP25759.


MP25760.

Mountain family in Europe. Institut fuer Film und Bild. Distributed by
Films, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world series) Appl.
au.: Public Media, Inc. NM: abridgment. © Public Media, Inc.; 7Jun71;
MP25760.


MP25761.

Measuring blood pressure, an introduction for paramedical personnel.
Merck, Sharp and Dohme. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti.: Measuring
blood pressure, a guide for paramedical personnel. © Merck, Sharp and
Dohme, division of Merck and Company, Inc. (in notice: Merck and
Company, Inc.); 1May74; MP25761.


MP25762.

Hans/Woodcrafter. William Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Colgate Palmolive Company; 6Oct73; MP25762.


MP25763.

Hans/Woodcrafter. William Esty Company, Inc. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
NM: additions. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 28Oct73; MP25763.


MP25764.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 584. Worldwide Church of God. 29 min.,
sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Worldwide Church of God; 22Apr74;
MP25764.


MP25765.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 545. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 22Jan74;
MP25765.


MP25766.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 458. Ambassador College. 28 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © Ambassador College; 24Aug73;
MP25766.


MP25767.

Birds of Bharatpur. A Don Meier production. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom) Appl. author: Mutual of Omaha. © Mutual
of Omaha; 13Sep74; MP25767.


MP25768.

Brink of extinction. A Don Meier production. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom) Appl. author: Mutual of Omaha. © Mutual
of Omaha; 4Oct74; MP25768.


MP25769.

Control and extinguishment of LNG spills and spill fires at high LNG
boil-off rates. American Gas Association. 15 min., si., color, 16 mm. ©
American Gas Association; 8May74; MP25769.


MP25770.

Concepts of data control. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 8 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 2Aug74;
MP25770.


MP25771.

The Data control function. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Data control) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 24Jun74; MP25771.


MP25772.

Debugging techniques. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Data communications) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 2Aug74; MP25772.


MP25773.

The 129 card data recorder. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 12
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Keypunch I/O) Add. ti.: The 129 data recorder.
© Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 14Aug74; MP25773.


MP25774.

The 029 data transcribing device. Edutronics Systems International, Inc.
13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Keypunch I/O) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 10Jul74; MP25774.


MP25775.

Mechanical models of psychotherapy. Division of Instructional Aids,
University of Oregon Medical School. 33 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. Appl. author: Paul H. Blachly. © Paul H. Blachly;
23Sep74; MP25775.


MP25776.

Handi Wipes 1001 uses with bowling tag. Colgate Palmolive Company. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 15Jul74; MP25776.


MP25777.

Handi Wipes 1001 uses, revised. Colgate Palmolive Company. 30 sec., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 15Jul74; MP25777.


MP25778.

VSAM macro coding and debugging. International Business Machines
Corporation. 58 min., sd., color, videotape (1/2 inch) in cassette. (IBM
independent study program) © International Business Machines
Corporation, accepted alternative: IBM Corporation; 25Mar74; MP25778.


MP25779.

VSAM concepts and access method services usage (DOS/VS) International
Business Machines Corporation. 34 min., sd., color, videotape (1/2 inch)
in cassette. (IBM independent study program) © International Business
Machines Corporation, alternative designation: IBM Corporation; 25Mar74;
MP25779.


MP25780.

Basic shooting techniques. Sports Instruction Aids. 6 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Sports Instruction Aids; 15Nov73; MP25780.


MP25781.

Fakes and drives. Sports Instruction Aids. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Sports Instruction Aids; 15Nov73; MP25781.


MP25782.

Jump shot from the dribble. Sports Instruction Aids. 5 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Add. ti.: Jump from the dribble. © Sports Instruction Aids;
15Nov73; MP25782.


MP25783.

Close to the basket moves. Sports Instruction Aids. 6 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Sports Instruction Aids; 15Nov73; MP25783.


MP25784.

Free throws. Sports Instruction Aids. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Sports Instruction Aids; 15Nov73; MP25784.


MP25785.

Alpen satisfied revised. Colgate Palmolive Company. 30 sec., sd., color,
16 mm. Add. ti.: I’m satisfied revised. © Colgate Palmolive Company;
1Sep74; MP25785.


MP25786.

Dominion. Stan Brakhage. 5 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Stan Brakhage;
24Sep74; MP25786.


MP25787.

The Nature and control of canine hookworm disease. Jensen-Salsbery
Laboratories Division, division of Richardson-Merrell, Inc. 17 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Jensen-Salsbery Laboratories Division, division of
Richardson-Merrell, Inc.; 22Jul74 (in notice: 1973); MP25787.


MP25788.

Pinocchio’s birthday party. Family Entertainment Corporation
presentation. Made by Intercom Films, Ltd. Released by K-tel Motion
Pictures. 85 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Family Entertainment
Corporation; 10Aug74 (in notice: 1973); MP25788.


MP25789.

Food: more for your money. Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc. 14 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 1Oct74; MP25789.


MP25790.

Examination of the foot. The American Humane Association. 11 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (Introduction to horse care) ©
The American Humane Association; 1Jun74 (in notice: 1973); MP25790.


MP25791.

Loading and transportation. The American Humane Association. 13 min.,
sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (Introduction to horse
care) © The American Humane Association; 1Jun74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25791.


MP25792.

Haltering and restraint. The American Humane Association. 14 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (Introduction to horse care) ©
The American Humane Association; 1Jun74 (in notice: 1973); MP25792.


MP25793.

Flight. Stan Brakhage. 5 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Stan Brakhage;
13Aug74; MP25793.


MP25794.

Kaybolt Wrecking Company. Division of Archives, History and Records
Management, Florida Department of State. Made by Joyous Lake, Inc. 28
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Division of Archives, History and Records
Management, Florida Department of State; 21Mar74; MP25794.


MP25795.

Respect. Corridor Productions, Inc. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Contemporary values series) © Corridor Productions, Inc.; 23Aug74;
MP25795.


MP25796.

Shorin ryu kata, goju-shiho. Kenjer Martial Arts Productions. 17 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Add. ti.: Shorin ryu, goju-shiho kata. © Kenjer
Martial Arts Productions; 6Jun74; MP25796.


MP25797.

Bookkeeping and accounting: how do you figure in? Coronet Instructional
Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Bookkeeping and you, 2nd ed.) © Coronet Instructional Media, a division
of Esquire, Inc.; 21Feb74; MP25797.


MP25798.

Gliding motility in the algae. Ryan W. Drum & Robert Day Allen. 6 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Cells and cell processes) ©
Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 8Oct73; MP25798.


MP25799.

Albert Camus: a self portrait. Learning Company of America, a division
of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. NM: a
new film incorporating some prev. pub. material. © Learning Company of
America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 18May72 (in
notice: 1971); MP25799.


MP25800.

Selling to women. Chrysler Corporation. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 25Jul74;
MP25800.


MP25801.

Play—is trying out. Allegra May, Kathy Sylva & Jerome S. Bruner.
Distributed by John Wiley and Sons, Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Bruner series—cognitive development) © Allegra May, Kathy Sylva &
Jerome S. Bruner; 1Dec73; MP25801.


MP25802.

One, two, many: early object handling. Karlen Lyons, Allegra May &
Jerome Bruner. Distributed by John Wiley and Sons, Inc. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Bruner series—cognitive development) © Karlen Lyons,
Allegra May & Jerome Bruner; 1Dec73 (in notice: 1972); MP25802.


MP25803.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 559. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. © World Wide Church of God;
21Feb74; MP25803.


MP25804.

Auto-body sheet metal man’s helper: removing a dent and pulling out a
simple dent (basic hand skills) Robert Heller Productions, Inc. 6 motion
pictures (4 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridges.
(Automotive damage correction series, set 1) © Robert Heller
Productions, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 12Sep73; MP25804.


MF25805.

Auto-body sheet metal man: applying a patch and repairing a torn section
(basic hand skills) Robert Heller Productions, Inc. 8 motion pictures (4
min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridges. (Automotive damage
correction series, set 2) © Robert Heller Productions, Inc. &
McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 12Sep73; MP25805.


MP25806.

Auto painter’s helper; removing a scratch (basic hand skills) Robert
Heller Productions, Inc. 7 motion pictures (4 min. each), si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridges. (Automotive damage correction series, set 3)
© Robert Heller Productions, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 12Sep73; MP25806.


MP25807.

Auto painter: refinishing a panel (basic hand skills) Robert Heller
Productions, Inc. 7 motion pictures (4 min. each), si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridges. (Automotive damage correction series, set 4) © Robert
Heller Productions, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 12Sep73; MP25807.


MP25808.

Gillette Street. A production of KERA-TV newsroom. 29 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Urban design issues in Texas) Appl. au.: Public Communication
Foundation for North Texas. © Public Communication Foundation for North
Texas; 16Oct74; MP25808.


MP25809.

ABBA presents. ABBA Productions. 3 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © ABBA
Productions; 23Sep74; MP25809.


MP25810.

Not a sparrow falls. Sparrow Productions. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: The Salvation Army. © The Salvation Army; 1Jun74; MP25810.


MP25811.

Growth of cassava (Manihot utilissima) Film Production Unit, Iowa State
University of Science and Technology. Produced in cooperation with
Escuela Agricola Pan Americana & the Organization for Tropical Studies.
3 min., si., color, 16 mm. (Tropical biology) © Iowa State University
a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science and Technology; 1Oct74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25811.


MP25812.

Before it’s too late. Woroner Films, Inc. Produced in cooperation with
National Crime Prevention Institute, University of Louisville. 28 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Woroner Films, Inc.; 26Sep74; MP25812.


MP25813.

Basic security surveys. Woroner Films, Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Crime prevention) © Texas Criminal Justice Division, State of Texas;
16Oct74; MP25813.


MP25814.

Introduction and theory of crime prevention. Woroner Films, Inc. 23
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Crime prevention) Add. ti.: Introduction to
crime prevention. © Texas Criminal Justice Division, State of Texas;
16Oct74; MP25814.


MP25815.

Penny Lane. Albert Davidson. Produced in association with the Mechanical
Bank Collectors of America. A film created by Arnold L. Leibovit. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Albert Davidson (in notice: Al Davidson);
24Aug74; MP25815.


MP25816.

The Text of light. Stan Brakhage. 75 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Stan
Brakhage; 2Oct74; MP25816.


MP25817.

The Struggle for Vicksburg. Centron Educational Films. 19 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Centron Corporation, Inc. © Centron
Corporation, Inc.; 12Jul74; MP23817.


MP25818.

In the year of the pig. The Monday Film Production Company. Released by
New Yorker Films. 97 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. NM: 60% new footage. © The
Monday Film Production Company; 25Oct68; MP25818.


MP25819.

The View from the crib. The American Institutes for Research. 15 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Early childhood education series) © American
Institutes for Research; 16Apr74; MP25819.


MP25820.

Science of survival. The Virginia Tech Film Unit & Department of Food
Science and Technology, College of Agriculture and Life Sciences,
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. 21 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University;
30Mar74; MP25820.


MP25821.

El Camino—a beautiful value. General Motors Corporation. 8 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti.: 1975 Chevrolet El Camino. ©
General Motors Corporation; 13Aug74; MP25821.


MP25822.

1975 Chevrolet Camaro. General Motors Corporation. 5 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti.: Camaro ’75. © General Motors
Corporation (in notice: Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation); 23Aug74; MP25822.


MP25823.

Bearcat Baker’s Filmed boxing course. George Williams known as Bearcat
Baker. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti.: Bearcat Baker’s Filmed basic
boxing course. © George Williams known as Bearcat Baker; 2Oct74;
MP25823.


MP25824.

Back to school. Colgate Palmolive Company. 30 seconds, sd., color, 16
mm. Add. ti.: A Neat glue for neat people—back to school. © Colgate
Palmolive Company; 13Aug74; MP25824.


MP25825.

Use of art therapy in a vocational milieu. ICD Rehabilitation and
Research Center. 22 min., sd., b&w, videotape (1/2 inch) in reel. © ICD,
a.a.d.o. ICD Rehabilitation and Research Center; 30Jul74; MP25825.


MP25826.

Manual positive pressure ventilation (bag and mask) American College of
Physicians. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cassette. (American
College of Physicians medical skills library) Add. ti.: Manual positive
pressure measurement (bag and mask) © American College of Physicians;
1Aug74; MP25826.


MP25827.

Meet Lynd Ward and May McNeer. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter;
26Feb74; MP25827.


MP25828.

Meet Jean Fritz. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w, videotape (1/2
inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74; MP25828.


MP25829.

Meet Letta Schatz. Jaqueline Shachter. 60 min., sd., b&w, videotape (1/2
inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74; MP25829.


MP25830.

Meet Kristin Hunter. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w, videotape
(1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74;
MP25830.


MP25831.

Meet Judy Blume. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w, videotape (1/2
inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74; MP25831.


MP25832.

Meet Keith Robertson. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w, videotape
(1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74;
MP25832.


MP25833.

Meet Eve Merriam. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w, videotape (1/2
inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74; MP25833.


MP25834.

Meet Arnold Lobel. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w, videotape (1/2
inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74; MP25034.


MP25835.

Meet Pura Belpre. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w, videotape (1/2
inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74; MP25835.


MP25836.

Meet Richard Lewis. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w, videotape
(1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74;
MP25836.


MP25837.

Meet Marguerite de Angeli. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter;
28Mar74; MP25837.


MP25838.

Meet Joe and Beth Krush. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter;
28Mar74; MP25838.


MP25839.

Meet Elizabeth Gray Vining. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter;
28Mar74; MP25839.


MP25840.

Meet Joan Lexau. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w, videotape (1/2
inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74; MP25840.


MP25841.

Meet Tom and Muriel Feelings. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter;
28Mar74; MP25841.


MP25842.

Meet Madeleine L’Engle. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w, videotape
(1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74;
MP25842.


MP25843.

Meet Lloyd Alexander, Evaline Ness, Ann Durrell. Jaqueline Shachter. 30
min., sd., b&w, videotape (1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) ©
Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74; MP25843.


MP25844.

Meet Jeanne and Robert Bendick. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter;
28Mar74; MP2584.


MP25845.

Meet Joseph Krumgold. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w, videotape
(1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74;
MP25845.


MP25846.

Meet Eleanor Cameron. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w, videotape
(1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74;
MP25846.


MP25847.

Meet Arna Bontemps. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w, videotape
(1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74;
MP25847.


MP25848.

Meet Ezra Jack Keats. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b&w, videotape
(1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74;
MP25848.


MP25849.

Gatecliff: American Indian rockshelter. National Geographic Society in
association with Educational Expeditions International. 24 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © National Geographic Society; 30Sep74; MP25849.


MP25850.

Search for fossil man. National Geographic Society in association with
Educational Expeditions International. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
National Geographic Society; 16Aug74; MP25850.


MP25851.

Reachin’ for the lightning. National Safety Council. Made by Pilot
Productions, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Safety Council;
28Dec73; MP25851.


MP25852.

Technique for lifting. National Safety Council. A Crocus production. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Safety Council; 29Oct73; MP25852.


MP25853.

Stop a fire before it starts. National Safety Council. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © National Safety Council; 28Nov73; MP25853.


MP25854.

The Movies go West. Geoffrey Bell. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
states prev. reg. 1Nov73, MU8816. NM: revision. © Geoffrey Bell;
15Jul74; MP25854.


MP25855.

Jump shots. Sports Instruction Aids. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Sports
Instruction Aids; 15Nov73; MP25855.


MP25856.

Schooling behavior of fishes. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice:
1973); MP25856.


MP25857.

Conch fishing in the Coral Sea. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice:
1973); MP25857.


MP25858.

The Coral reef at night. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25858.


MP25859.

Octopus behavior. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25859.


MP25860.

Fishes of the coral reef, 1. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice:
1973); MP25860.


MP25861.

Fishes of the coral reef, 2. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice:
1973); MP25861.


MP25862.

Locomotion in invertebrates. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice:
1973); MP25862.


MP25863.

Urchins of the coral reef. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25863.


MP25864.

Locomotion in fishes. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25864.


MP25865.

Coral reef environment. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25865.


MP25866.

Territoriality in reef animals. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice:
1973); MP25866.


MP25867.

Shrimps of the coral reef. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25867.


MP25868.

Escape reactions in the pink-lipped conch. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25868.


MP25869.

Camouflage. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP25869.


MP25870.

Molluscs of the coral reef. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25870.


MP25871.

Crabs of the coral reef. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice: 1973);
MP25871.


MP25872.

Cleaning symbionts, barbers of the sea. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25872.


MP25873.

The Sargassum weed community. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in notice:
1973); MP25873.


MP25874.

Unusual behavior patterns in fishes. Thorne Films, Inc. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Feb74 (in
notice: 1973); MP25874.


MP25875.

A Good thing. Paalo Cervantes, Ltd. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: William Esty Company, Inc. © Paalo Cervantes, Ltd.; 19Nov73;
MP25875.


MP25876.

Ice cream. Colgate-Palmolive Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: William Esty Company, Inc. © Colgate-Palmolive Company; 11Sep74;
MP25876.


MP25877.

Little girl. Colgate-Palmolive Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: William Esty Company, Inc. © Colgate-Palmolive Company;
1Jul74; MP25877.


MP25878.

Love life—Steve Moynahan. Colgate-Palmolive Company. 30 sec., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William Esty Company, Inc. © Colgate-Palmolive
Company; 6May74; MP25878.


MP25879.

Pam Higgins—cart ABC golf. Colgate-Palmolive Company. 30 sec., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William Esty Company, Inc. © Colgate-Palmolive
Company; 4Feb74; MP25879.


MP25880.

Pam Higgins. Colgate-Palmolive Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: William Esty Company, Inc. Prev. reg. NM: revisions. ©
Colgate-Palmolive Company; 26Feb74; MP25880.


MP25881.

Moran—bike ABC golf. Colgate-Palmolive Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au.: William Esty Company, Inc. © Colgate-Palmolive Company;
4Feb74; MP25881.


MP25882.

Moran—bike. Colgate-Palmolive Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: William Esty Company, Inc. Prev. reg. NM: revisions. ©
Colgate-Palmolive Company; 26Feb74; MP25882.


MP25883.

Woodcrafters Rowls NBC/CBS. Colgate-Palmolive Company. 30 sec., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William Esty Company, Inc. © Colgate-Palmolive
Company; 10Jan74; MP25883.


MP25884.

Monuments to erosion. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation.
Produced in cooperation with Department of the Interior, National Park
Service and Canyonlands and Arches National Parks, Utah. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (AGI-EBE earth science program) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 10Jul74; MP25884.


MP25885.

The Tale of King Midas. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 30May74; MP25885.


MP25886.

Pandas: a gift from China. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 10Jun74; MP25886.


MP25887.

John Keats: his life and death. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 55 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 20Aug73; MP25887.


MP25888.

Storms: the restless atmosphere. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. Produced in cooperation with the American Geological
Institute. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 29Apr74; MP25888.


MP25889.

The Greek myths. Part 1: Myth as fiction, history, and ritual.
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 6Dec71;
MP25889.


MP25890.

The Greek myths. Part 2: Myth as science, religion and drama.
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 9Dec71;
MP25890.


MP25891.

The Atmosphere in motion. 2nd ed. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. Produced in cooperation with the American Geological
Institute. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. reg. & pub. 30Dec44, 15984.
NM: additional cinematographic work. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 28Dec73; MP25891.


MP25892.

The San Andreas fault. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation.
Produced in cooperation with the American Geological Institute. 21 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (AGI-EBE earth science program) © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation; 4Feb74; MP25892.


MP25893.

The Canadians: their land. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. Made by Visual Education Centre. 16 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 26Apr74;
MP25893.


MP25894.

The Canadians: their cities. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. Made by Visual Education Centre. 16 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 26Apr74;
MP25894.


MP25895.

The Bible as literature. Part two: History, poetry and drama in the Old
Testament. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. 24 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Heritage of the humanities) © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation; 21Mar74 (in notice: 1973); MP25895.


MP25896.

The Bible as literature. Part one: Saga and story in the Old Testament.
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Heritage of the humanities) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 21Mar74 (in notice: 1973); MP25896.


MP25897.

The Secret sharer. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (EBE humanities program) © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation; 27Feb73; MP25897.


MP25898.

A Discussion of Joseph Conrad’s The Secret sharer. Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (EBE
humanities program) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation;
1Mar73: MP25898.


MP25899.

Exercise and physical fitness. 2nd ed. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation. Produced in collaboration with the President’s
Council on Physical Fitness. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. reg. &
pub. 19Dec41, M14212. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation; 7Dec73; MP25899.


MP25900.

John Keats: poet. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. 31
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation; 5Nov73; MP25900.


MP25901.

Energy: a matter of choices. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 7Dec73; MP25901.


MP25902.

Learning with today’s media. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 35 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 28Jan74; MP25902.


MP25903.

Central America: finding new ways. 2nd ed. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation. 17 min., sd., color. 16 mm. Prev. reg. & pub.
22Sep44, M15908. NM: additional cinematographic work. © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation; 19Apr74; MP25903.


MP25904.

Adventure in Venice. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation.
25 min., sd., color, 16 mm:. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation; 19Apr74; MP25904.


MP25905.

The Tale of Rumpelstiltskin. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 15Mar74; MP25905.


MP25906.

Parental roles: Don and Mae. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Getting together) ©
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 15Aug73; MP25906.


MP25907.

Adolescent responsibilities: Craig and Mark. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Getting together)
© Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 15Aug73; MP25907.


MP25908.

Teenage relationships: Venessa and her friends. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Getting together)
© Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 24Aug73; MP25908.


MP25909.

Arica rhythm. Arica Institute, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Arica
Institute, Inc.; 1Jul73; MP25909.


MP25910.

E-Z Open jar and bottle opener. E-Z Open, Inc. 60 seconds, sd., color,
16 mm. © E-Z Open, Inc.; 29Aug74; MP25910.


MP25911.

American tall tale heroes. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media,
a division of Esquire, Inc.; 12Aug74; MP25911.


MP25912.

Male and female in plants and animals. Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 13Aug74; MP25912.


MP25913.

Germs and your body. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 14Aug74; MP25913.


MP25914.

Mammals that gnaw. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 20Aug74; MP25914.


MP25915.

Chassis and drive-line highlights: Trail Duster and Ramcharger. Chrysler
Corporation Training Center. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 18 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corporation; 19Aug74; MP25915.


MP25916.

The New emission controls. Chrysler Corporation Training Center. Made by
Ross Roy, Inc. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corporation;
24Sep74; MP25916.


MP25917.

The Man behind the dollar. Chrysler Coloration. Made by Ross Roy, Inc.
18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corporation; 4Oct74;
MP25917.


MP25918.

The Drug test. Avco Broadcasting Corporation. 55 min., sd., color,
videotape (2 inch) © Avco Broadcasting Corporation; 26Jan71; MP25918.


MP25919.

A Time to heal. Child and family Service of Springfield, Inc. Made by
Gusfilms. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au: Jeffrey Einstein. © Child
and Family Service of Springfield, Inc.; 17Sep74; MP25919.


MP25920.

Threshold: the Blue Angels experience. Gardner-Marlow-Maes Associates.
111 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Prev. reg. 5May72, LU3636. NM: additional
cinematography & editorial revision. © Gardner-Marlow-Maes Associates;
5Dec73; MP25920.


MP25921.

Where have all the mothers gone? Avco Broadcasting Corporation. 49 min.,
sd., color, videotape (2 inch) Avco Broadcasting Corporation; 21Mar72;
MP25921.


MP25922.

Calories: enough is enough. Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc. Released
by Journal Films, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Joel
Altschul. © Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc.; 26Jul74; MP25922.


MP25923.

James A. Michener. Pt. 1–2. Jaqueline Shachter. 2 motion pictures (31
min. each), sd., b&w, videotape (1/2 inch) (Profiles in literature) Add.
ti.: Meet James Michener. © Jaqueline Shachter; 28Mar74; MP25923.


MP25924.

Skittles filled kids. Jack Candies, Ltd. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Jack Candies, Ltd.; 15Jul74; MP25924.


MP25925.

Obstetrics/gynecology health series. The Educational Division of
Milner-Fenwick, Inc. 8 motion pictures (9 min. each), sd., color. Super
8 mm. Add. ti: Ob/gyn health series © Milner-Fenwick, Inc.; 1Jun74;
MP25925.


MP25926.

Muhammad Ali (Cassius Clay), champion, versus George Chuvalo,
challenger, for the heavyweight championship of the world. Maple Leaf
Gardens, Toronto, Canada, March 29, 1966. The Big Fights, Inc. 1 reel,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Muhammad Ali
versus George Chuvalo for the heavyweight championship of the world,
March 29, 1966, Toronto, Canada. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © The Big
Fights, Inc.; 15Apr66; MP25926.


MP25927.

Joe Frazier versus Oscar Bonavena, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, December
10, 1968. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 1 reel, sd., color, 16
mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Joe Frazier versus Oscar
Bonavena for the New York State heavyweight title, December 10, 1968,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 28Jan71; MP25927.


MP25928.

Muhammed Ali versus Henry Cooper for the heavyweight championship of the
world, London, England, May 21, 1966. Greatest Fights of the Century,
Inc. 1 reel, sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au:
William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73;
MP25928.


MP25929.

Floyd Patterson versus Joey Maxim, Brooklyn, New York, June 7, 1954.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 1 reel, sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Big
fights of the decades) Add. ti: Floyd Patterson versus Joey Maxim boxing
contest, June 7, 1954, New York City. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 7Jun69: MP25929.


MP25930.

George Foreman versus Ionas Chapulos, Olympic Heavyweight Championship,
Mexico City, Mexico, October 23, 1968. Greatest Fights of the Century,
Inc. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti:
George Foreman versus Ionas Chapulos for the Olympic heavyweight title,
October 23, 1968, Mexico City, Mexico. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 10Feb73; MP25930.


MP25931.

Muhammed Ali versus Oscar Bonavena, New York, New York, December 7,
1970. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Muhammed Ali versus Oscar
Bonavena boxing contest, December 7, 1970, New York City. Appl. au:
William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73;
MP25931.


MP25932.

Muhammed Ali versus Jimmy Ellis, Houston Astrodome, July 26, 1971. The
Big Fights, Inc. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the
decades) Add. ti: Muhammed Ali versus Jimmy Ellis boxing contest, July
26, 1971, Houston, Texas. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © The Big Fights,
Inc.; 10Aug71; MP25932.


MP25933.

Official fight pictures, Muhammad Ali (Cassius Clay) versus Ernie
Terrell for the heavyweight championship of the world, February 6, 1967,
Astrodome, Houston, Texas. The Big Fights, Inc. 1 reel, sd., color, 16
mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Cassius Clay versus Ernie
Terrell for the heavyweight championship of the world, February 6, 1967,
Houston, Texas. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. The Big Fights, Inc.;
3Mar67; MP25933.


MP25934.

Muhammad Ali versus Henry Cooper, London, England, June 18, 1963.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 1 reel, sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Big
fights of the decades) Add. ti: Cassius Clay versus Henry Cooper boxing
contest, June 18, 1963, London, England. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP25934.


MP25935.

Official motion pictures, Muhammad Ali (Cassius Clay) versus Jerry
Quarry, October 26, 1970, Atlanta, Georgia. The Big Fights, Inc. 1 reel,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D.
Cayton. © The Big Fights, Inc.; 20Nov70; MP25935.


MP25936.

Joe Frazier versus Eddie Machen, Los Angeles, California, November 21,
1966. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Joe Frazier versus Eddie Machen
boxing contest, November 21, 1966, Los Angeles, California. Appl. au:
William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73;
MP25936.


MP25937.

Joe Frazier versus Bob Foster, Detroit, Michigan, November 18, 1970.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (The Big
fights of the decades) Add. ti: Joe Frazier versus Bob Foster for the
heavyweight championship of the world, November 18, 1970, Detroit,
Michigan. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century,
Inc.; 28Jan71; MP25937.


MP25938.

Joe Frazier versus Manuel Ramos, New York City, New York, June 24, 1968.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 1 reel, sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Big
fights of the decades) Add. ti: Joe Frazier versus Manuel Ramos for the
New York State heavyweight title, June 24, 1968, New York City. Appl.
au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 15Apr71;
MP25938.


MP25939.

Floyd Patterson versus Pete Rademacher, Seattle, Washington, August 22,
1957. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 1 reel, sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Floyd Patterson versus Pete
Rademacher for the heavyweight title of the world, August 22, 1957,
Seattle, Washington. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of
the Century, Inc.; 15Aug72; MP25939.


MP25940.

Joe Frazier versus Jimmy Ellis for world heavyweight title, New York,
February 16, 1970. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 1 reel, sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Joe Frazier
versus Jimmy Ellis for the heavyweight championship of the world,
February 16, 1970, New York City. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 3Mar70; MP25940.


MP25941.

George Foreman versus Miguel Paez, Oakland, California, May 11, 1972.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (The Big
fights of the decades) Add. ti: George Foreman versus Miguel Paez boxing
contest. May 11, 1972, Oakland, California. Appl. au: William D. Cayton.
© Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 17Mar73; MP25941.


MP25942.

Joe Frazier versus Jerry Quarry, New York City, New York, June 23, 1969.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (The Big
fights of the decades) Add. ti: Joe Frazier versus Jerry Quarry for the
New York State heavyweight title, June 23, 1969, New York City. Appl.
au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 15Apr71;
MP25942.


MP25943.

Jersey Joe Walcott versus Ezzard Charles, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
June 5, 1952. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 1 reel, sd., b&w, 16
mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Jersey Joe Walcott versus
Ezzard Charles for the heavyweight championship of the world, June 5,
1952, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 15Feb72; MP25943.


MP25944.

Archie Moore versus Yvon Durelle for the light heavyweight championship
of the world, Montreal, Canada, August 12, 1959. Greatest Fights of the
Century, Inc. 1 reel, sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades)
Appl. au: William D. Cayton. Prev. pub. 20Apr67, MP17055. NM: additional
cinematographic work. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73;
MP25944.


MP25945.

Ike Williams versus Beau Jack for the lightweight title, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, July 12, 1948. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 1
reel, sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Ike
Williams versus Beau Jack for the lightweight championship of the world,
July 12, 1948, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Appl. au: William D. Cayton.
Prev. pub. 21Jul68, MP18573. NM: additional cinematographic work. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 8Sep73; MP25945.


MP25946.

Muhammad Ali versus Karl Mildenberger, Frankfurt, Germany, September 10,
1966. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 1 reel, sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Muhammad Ali versus Karl
Mildenberger for the heavyweight championship of the world, September
10, 1966, Frankfurt, Germany. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 15Apr73 (in notice: 1971); MP25946.


MP25947.

Playbuoy for fun! for sport! For exercise! Gilbert Sacks Enterprises. 4
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Gilbert B. Sacks. © Gilbert
Sacks Enterprises; 13Sep74; MP25947.


MP25948.

Field interviews—interview or interrogate. Keyes Hardin Productions &
Woroner Films, Inc. Made by Woroner Films, Inc. 26 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Woroner Films, Inc.; 4Nov74; MP25948.


MP25949.

Advanced network design techniques. Edutronics Systems International,
Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Data communications) © Edutronics
Systems International, Inc.; 17Oct74; MP25949.


MP25950.

Concepts of advanced network design. Edutronics Systems International,
Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Data communications) © Edutronics
Systems International, Inc.; 30Sep74; MP25950.


MP25951.

Keypunch formats. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Keypunch 1/0) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
16Oct74; MP25951.


MP25952.

Executing programs in VS. Pt. 1. Edutronics Systems International, Inc.
10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Virtual storage concepts) © Edutronics
Systems International, Inc.; 9Sep74; MP25952.


MP25953.

Data control techniques. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Data controls) © Edutronics Systems International,
Inc.; 15Oct74; MP25953.


MP25954.

Living river. Martin Moyer Productions. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Martin Moyer. © Martin Moyer Productions; 23Aug74; MF25954.


MP25955.

A Pond. Entheos Communication Corporation. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Entheos; 15Nov72; MP25955.


MP25956.

Saint Peter’s Church: a people on the move. Saint Peter’s Lutheran
Church of New York City & George C. Stoney Associates. 29 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Saint Peter’s Lutheran Church of New York City; 10Dec73;
MP25956.


MP25957.

Season of fire. A Hamlin-Barney production. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Jerome Hamlin & John Barney. © Jerome Hamlin & John Barney (in
notice: A Hamlin-Barney production); 30May74 (in notice: 1973); MP25957.


MP25958.

Ambroise Pare, military surgeon. Yale University, School of Medicine,
The Department of Anatomy & Section of Orthopedic Surgery. 19 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Yale University; 12Dec73; MP25958.


MP25959.

Tonometry. American College of Physicians. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. in cassette. (American College of Physicians medical skills library)
© American College of Physicians; 1Aug74; MP25959.


MP25960.

Gene Davis. Carl Colby. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Carl Colby;
25Nov74; MF25960.


MP25961.

Alabama’s environment: a movement of the people. Alabama Environmental
Quality Association. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alabama Environmental
Quality Association; 18Jul74; MP25961.


MP25962.

Concepts to castings. The Osborn Manufacturing Company. Made by Movie
Makers, Inc. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: The Sherwin-Williams
Company, © The Sherwin-Williams Company; 19Jun72; MP25962.


MP25963.

The Old red mill. Yudis E. Bennett. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Yudis
E. Bennett; 22Apr74; MP25963.


MP25964.

The Peacemaker. Franciscan Communications Center. 7 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Franciscan Communications Center; 1Oct74; MP25964.


MP25965.

Combinational logic. The University of Michigan Department of Electrical
and Computer Engineering. Made by The University of Michigan
Audio-Visual Education Center. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Introduction
to digital logic, part 1); © The University of Michigan; 1Oct74;
MP25965.


MP25966.

More than a dream. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 51 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 20Aug74; MP25966.


MP25967.

Career decision making. Counseling Films, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Counseling Films, Inc.; 10Apr74; MP25967.


MP25968.

1975 Pontiac Astre. General Motors Corporation. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Division,
General Motors Corporation); 13Sep74; MP25968.


MP25969.

1975 Pontiacs (Catalina, Bonneville, Grandville, Broughham) General
Motors Corporation. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © General Motors
Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Division, General Motors Corporation);
13Sep74; MP25969.


MP25970.

1975 Pontiac Firebird. General Motors Corporation. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Division,
General Motors Corporation); 13Sep74; MP25970.


MP25971.

1975 Pontiac GrandAm/Grand Prix. General Motors Corporation. 9 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Pontiac
Division, General Motors Corporation); 13Sep74: MP25971.


MP25972.

1975 Pontiac LeMans. General Motors Corporation. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Division,
General Motors Corporation); 13Sep74; MP25972.


MP25973.

1975 Pontiac features. General Motors Corporation. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Add. ti: 1975 Pontiac new features. © General Motors
Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Division, General Motors Corporation);
13Sep74; MP25973.


MP25974.

1975 Pontiac station wagons. General Motors Corporation. 10 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Pontiac
Division, General Motors Corporation); 13Sep74; MP25974.


MP25975.

1975 Ventura. General Motors Corporation. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. Add. ti: 1975 Pontiac Ventura. © General Motors Corporation (in
notice: Pontiac Division, General Motors Corporation); 13Sep74; MP25975.


MP25976.

Introduction to professionalism in selling. Videocom, Inc. 19 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois course in
selling techniques) Appl. au: The Lee DuBois Company. © The Lee DuBois
Company; 20Jun72; MP25976.


MP25977.

Introduction to the science of selling. Videocom, Inc. 40 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois course in
selling techniques) Appl. au: The Lee DuBois Company. © The Lee DuBois
Company; 20Jun72; MP25977.


MP25978.

Fact finding, pre-approach, blue-printing. The Lee DuBois Company. Made
by Videocom, Inc. 31 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) (The Lee
DuBois course in selling techniques) © The Lee DuBois Company; 20Jun72;
MP25978.


MP25979.

Ways to establish instant rapport. Videocom, Inc. 36 min., sd., color,
videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois course in selling
techniques) Appl. au: The Lee DuBois Company. © The Lee DuBois Company;
20Jun72; MP25979.


MP25980.

How to arouse curiosity. Seven forms of evidence. Videocom, Inc. 46
min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois
course in selling techniques) Appl. au: The Lee DuBois Company. © The
Lee DuBois Company; 20Jun72; MP25980.


MP25981.

Units of conviction. Videocom, Inc. 39 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4
inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois course in selling techniques) Appl.
au: The Lee DuBois Company. © The Lee DuBois Company; 20Jun72; MP25981.


MP25982.

Keep your prospect on the track. Know when to close. Videocom, Inc. 38
min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois
course in selling techniques) Appl. au: The Lee DuBois Company. © The
Lee DuBois Company; 20Jun72; MP25982.


MP25983.

Eight ways to ask for the order. Videocom, Inc. 32 min., sd., color,
videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois course in selling
techniques) Apple. au: The Lee DuBois Company. © The Lee DuBois Company;
20Jun72; MP25983.


MP25984.

Physical and vocal symptoms of satisfaction. Videocom, Inc. 36 min.,
sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois course in
selling techniques) Appl. au: The Lee DuBois Company. © The Lee DuBois
Company; 20Jun72; MP25984.


MP25985.

Lose the fear of the explosive “No.” Videocom, Inc. 36 min., sd., color,
videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois course in selling
techniques) Appl. au: The Lee DuBois Company, © The Lee DuBois Company;
20Jun72; MP25985.


MP25986.

Defuse the objection—treat it as a question! Videocom, Inc. 39 min.,
sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois course in
selling techniques) Appl. au: The Lee DuBois Company. © The Lee DuBois
Company; 20Jun72; MP25986.


MP25987.

How to classify, handle and answer objections! Videocom, Inc. 38 min.,
sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois course in
selling techniques) Appl. au: The Lee DuBois Company. © The Lee DuBois
Company; 20Jun72; MP25987.


MP25988.

Creating desire through emotional appeal! Videocom, Inc. 38 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois course in
selling techniques) Appl. au: The Lee DuBois Company. © The Lee DuBois
Company; 20Jun72; MP25988.


MP25989.

Weighing close. Videocom, Inc. 37 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch)
in cassette. (The Lee Dubois course in selling techniques) Appl. au: The
Lee DuBois Company. © The Lee DuBois Company; 20Jun72; MP25989.


MP25990.

Telephone techniques to get appointments. Videocom, Inc. 43 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois course in
selling techniques) Appl. au: The Lee DuBois Company. © The Lee DuBois
Company; 20Jun72; MP25990.


MP25991.

Organization made easy by the day. Videocom, Inc. 19 min., sd., color,
videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois course in selling
techniques) Appl. au: The Lee DuBois Company. © The Lee DuBois Company;
20Jun72; MP25991.


MP25992.

The Secret to success. Videocom, Inc. 32 min., sd., color, videotape
(3/4 inch) in cassette. (The Lee Dubois course in selling techniques)
Appl. au: The Lee DuBois Company. © The Lee DuBois Company; 20Jun72;
MP25992.


MP25993.

Crime: it’s a matter of time—personal. Produced under a grant from the
Law Enforcement Assistance Administration for the State of Texas, Office
of the Governor, Criminal Justice Division. Made by Motorola
Teleprograms, Inc. & Woroner Films, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Crime prevention) Add. ti: Crime, it’s a matter of time—personal fraud.
© Texas Criminal Justice Division, State of Texas; 24Oct74; MP25993.


MP25994.

Crime: it’s a matter of time—commercial. Produced under a grant from the
Law Enforcement Assistance Administration for the State of Texas, Office
of the Governor, Criminal Justice Division. Made by Motorola
Teleprograms, Inc. & Woroner Films, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Crime prevention) © Texas Criminal Justice Division, State of Texas;
24Oct74; MP25994.


MP25995.

Security surveys in manufacturing. Produced under a grant from the Law
Enforcement Assistance Administration for the State of Texas, Office of
the Governor, Criminal Justice Division. Made by Motorola Teleprograms,
Inc. & Woroner Films, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Crime
prevention) © Texas Criminal Justice Division, State of Texas; 24Oct74;
MP25995.


MP25996.

Crime: it’s a matter of time—residential. Produced under a grant from
the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration for the State of Texas,
Office of the Governor, Criminal Justice Division. Made by Motorola
Teleprograms, Inc. & Woroner Films, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Crime prevention) © Texas Criminal Justice Division, State of Texas;
24Oct74; MP25996.


MP25997.

No time. William Petok & Kenneth Manges. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
William Petok & Kenneth Manges; 19Mar74; MP25997.


MP25998.

The Haircutting techniques of Jamison Shaw, high layered cut. The
International Institute of Coiffure Designers Limited, Inc. 26 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Cavalcade of hairstyling) Appl. au: Allan Keith
Productions, Inc. © Allan Keith Productions, Inc.; 15Sep74; MP25998.


MP25999.

Foil frosting techniques with Robert Platin. The International Institute
of Coiffure Designers Limited, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cavalcade of hairstyling) Appl. au: Allan Keith Productions, Inc. ©
Allan Keith Productions, Inc.; 15Sep74; MP25999.


MP26000.

Prenatal development. CRM Productions, Inc. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Development psychology today film series) Appl. au: Ziff-Davis
Publishing Company. NM: compilation & additions. © Ziff-Davis Publishing
Company; 1Oct74; MP26000.


MP26001.

Sex role development. CRM Productions, Inc. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Development psychology today film series) Appl. au: Ziff-Davis
Publishing Company. © Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; 1Oct74; MP26001.


MP26002.

Prejudice. CRM Productions, Inc. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Psychology
today film) Appl. au: Ziff-Davis Publishing Company. © Ziff-Davis
Publishing Company; 1Oct74; MP26002.


MP26003.

April showers. Colgate-Palmolive Company. NM: additional cinematographic
work. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: William Esty Company, Inc.
Prev. reg. 12Mar74, MP25041. © Colgate-Palmolive Company; 2Apr74 (in
notice: 1973); MP26003.


MP26004.

Skipping. Colgate-Palmolive Company. NM: additional cinematographic
material. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: William Esty Company,
Inc. Prev. reg. 17Oct73, 24440. © Colgate-Palmolive Company; 10Oct73;
MP26004.


MP26005.

Skipping. Colgate-Palmolive Company. NM: additional cinematographic
material. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: William Esty Company,
Inc. Prev. reg. 17Oct73, 24440. © Colgate-Palmolive Company; 2Apr74 (in
notice: 1973); MP26005.


MP26006.

Whack Baugh—ABC version. Colgate-Palmolive Company. NM: additional
cinematographic material. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: William
Esty Company, Inc. Prev. reg. 5Aug74, MP25649. © Colgate-Palmolive
Company; 10Jan74; MP26006.


MP26007.

Judy Rankin. Colgate-Palmolive Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: William Esty Company, Inc. Prev. reg. 15Aug74, 25648. NM:
additional cinematographic material. © Colgate-Palmolive Company;
4Feb74; MP26007.


MP26008.

Kathy Cornelius. Colgate-Palmolive Company. NM: additional
cinematographic material. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: William
Esty Company, Inc. Prev. reg. 5Aug74, 25645. © Colgate-Palmolive
Company; 28Feb74; MP26008.


MP26009.

Whack Laura Baugh. Colgate-Palmolive Company. NM: additional
cinematographic material. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti:
Whack-Baugh, NBC version. Appl. au: William Esty Company, Inc. Prev.
reg. 5Aug74, MP25649. © Colgate-Palmolive Company; 1Apr74; MP26009.


MP26010.

Man: a course of study. Audio Productions in cooperation with Chelsea
House, producers of A Time for learning. Released by National Science
Foundation. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Search—encounters with science)
© National Science Foundation; 15Oct74; MP26010.


MP26011.

Walking safely to school. Martin Moyer Productions. 18 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au: Martin Moyer. © Martin Moyer Productions; 28Aug74;
MP26011.


MP26012.

Seals and Crofts. National Association of Progressive Radio Announcers,
Inc. 30 sec., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Get off) © Progressive Broadcasting
Foundation; 1Mar74; MP26012.


MP26013.

Stevie Wonder. National Association of Progressive Radio Announcers,
Inc. 30 sec., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Get off) © Progressive Broadcasting
Foundation; 1Mar74; MP26013.


MP26014.

Ravi Shankar. National Association of Progressive Radio Announcers, Inc.
30 sec., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Get off) © Progressive Broadcasting
Foundation; 1Mar74; MP26014.


MP26015.

Taj Mahal. National Association of Progressive Radio Announcers, Inc. 30
sec., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Get off) © Progressive Broadcasting Foundation;
1Mar74; MP26015.


MP26016.

A Poet’s world. Case Western Reserve University. 14 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © CWRU a.a.d.o. Case Western Reserve University; 15Jun73; MP26016.


MP26017.

Sidewalks and similes. Case Western Reserve University. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © CWRU a.a.d.o. Case Western Reserve University; 5Aug73;
MP26017.


MP26018.

The Giant mobile. The Fertilizer Institute. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© The Fertilizer Institute; 15Sep74; MP26018.


MP26019.

1975 Oldsmobile Toronado. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile Division, General
Motors Corporation); 13Sep74; MP26019.


MP26020.

1975 Oldsmobile Starfire. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile Division, General
Motors Corporation); 13Sep74; MP26020.


MP26021.

1975 Oldsmobile Omega. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation.
Made by General Motors Photographic. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Add. ti: 1975 Oldsmobile Omega/Salon. Appl. au: General
Motors Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile
Division, General Motors Corporation); 13Sep74; MP26021.


MP26022.

1975 Oldsmobile Ninety-eight. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: 1975 Oldsmobile Ninety-eight/Regency.
Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in
notice: Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation); 13Sep74;
MP26022.


MP26023.

1975 Oldsmobile Eighty-eight. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: 1975 Oldsmobile Delta 88/Royale.
Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in
notice: Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation); 13Sep74;
MP26023.


MP26024.

1975 Oldsmobile Cutlass. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 7 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: 1975 Oldsmobile
Cutlass/Supreme/Salon. Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile Division, General
Motors Corporation); 13Sep74; MP26024.


MP26025.

H2S safety training program. Intraco, Inc. 53 min., sd., color,
videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. Add. ti: H2S (hydrogen sulfide) safety
training program. © Intraco, Inc.; 15Jun74; MP26025.


MP26026.

Ski injuries. Johnson and Johnson. Produced in association with the
Committee on Sports Medicine of the American Academy of Orthopedic
Surgeons. 35 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Johnson and Johnson; 19Feb73 (in
notice; 1972); MP26026.


MP26027.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 3. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 10Dec72; MP26027.


MP26028.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 4. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 24Dec72; MP26028.


MP26029.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 1. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 1Oct72; MP26029.


MP26030.

60 minutes. Vol. 4, no. 16. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 6Feb72; MP26030.


MP26031.

60 minutes. Vol. 4, no. 23. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 2Apr72; MP26031.


MP26032.

60 minutes. Vol. 4, no. 28. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 14May72; MP26032.


MP26033.

60 minutes. Vol. 4, no. 31. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 18Jun72; MP26033.


MP26034.

Vera paints Ibiza in the sun. Warren Schloat Productions, Inc. 20 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Warren Schloat Productions, Inc.; 1Feb73; MP26034.


MP26035.

Germany—handle with care. Time, Inc. 18 min., b & w, color, 16 mm. (The
March of time, vol. 13, issue 6) © Time, Inc.; 24Jan47; MP26035.


MP26036.

Fashion means business! Time, Inc. 18 min., b & w, color, 16 mm. (The
March of time, vol. 13, issue 7) © Time, Inc.; 21Feb47; MP26036.


MP26037.

The Teachers’ crisis. Time, Inc. 18 min., b & w, color, 16 mm. (The
March of time, vol. 13, issue 8) © Time, Inc.; 21Mar47; MP26037.


MP26038.

Storm over Britain. Time, Inc. 18 min., b & w, color, 16 mm. (The March
of time, vol. 13, issue 9) © Time, Inc.; 16Apr47; MP26038.


MP26039.

The Russians nobody knows. Time, Inc. 18 min., b&w, color, 16 mm. (The
March of time, vol. 13, issue 10) © Time, Inc.; 16May47; MP26039.


MP26040.

Your doctors—1997. Time, Inc. 18 min., b&w, color, 16 mm. (The March of
time, vol. 13, issue 11) © Time, Inc.; 13Jun47; MP26040.


MP26041.

New trains for old. Time, Inc. 18 min., b&w, color, 16 mm. (The March of
time, vol. 13, issue 12) © Time, Inc.; 11Jul47; MP26041.


MP26042.

Turkey’s 100 million. Time, Inc. 18 min., b&w, color, 16 mm. (The March
of time, vol. 13, issue 13) © Time, Inc.; 8Aug47; MP26042.


MP26043.

Is everybody listening? Time, Inc. 18 min., b&w, color, 16 mm. (The
March of time, vol. 14, issue 1) © Time, Inc.; 6Sep47; MP26043.


MP26044.

T-men in action. Time, Inc. 18 min., b&w, color, 16 mm. (The March of
time, vol. 14, issue 2) © Time, Inc.; 30Oct47; MP26044.


MP26045.

End of an empire? Time, Inc. 18 min., b&w, color, 16 mm. (The March of
time, vol. 14, issue 3) © Time, Inc.; 31Oct47; MP26045.


MP26046.

Public relations, this means you. Time, Inc. 18 min., b&w, color, 16 mm.
(The March of time, vol. 14, issue 4) © Time, Inc.; 28Nov47; MP26046.


MP26047.

The Presidential year. Time, Inc. 18 min., b&w, color, 16 mm. (The March
of time, vol. 14, issue 5). © Time, Inc.; 26Dec47; MP26047.


MP26048.

1975 intermediate model body highlights. Chrysler Corporation. 17 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Master technicians service conference, session
no. 75–2) Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 18Oct74;
MP26048.


MP26049.

Sell price with strength. Chrysler Corporation. 17 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 28Oct74;
MP26049.


MP26050.

1975 Charger versus Monte Carlo and Cougar. Chrysler Corporation. 17
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Add. ti: 1975 Charger Special Edition.
Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 30Oct74; MP26050.


MP26051.

1975 Cordoba versus Monte Carlo and Cougar. Chrysler Corporation. 17
min., sd., color. Super 8 mm. Add. ti: 1975 Chrysler Cordoba. Appl. au:
Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 8Nov74; MP26051.


MP26052.

1975 Valiant Brougham versus Granada and Nova LN. Chrysler Corporation.
17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler
Corporation; 8Nov74; MP26052.


MP26053.

1975 Dodge Pickup—the best of both. Chrysler Corporation. 17 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation;
12Nov74; MP26053.


MP26054.

1975 Dart S.E. versus Granada and Nova LN. Chrysler Corporation. 17
min., sd., color. Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler
Corporation; 12Nov74; MP26054.


MP26055.

Tell ’em where to get it. Chrysler Corporation. 17 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 13Nov74;
MP26055.


MP26056.

Sykes. Perspective Films, a division of Esquire, Inc. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Perspective Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 4Sep74;
MP26056.


MP26057.

Flatworm symbiont. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 6 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Transparent animals) Add. ti: Bdelloura
candida. Appl. au: Robert Day Allen. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.;
15Sep74; MP26057.


MP26058.

Paramecium. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 6 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. (Transparent animals) Appl. au: Robert Day Allen. ©
Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 15Sep74; MP26058.


MP26059.

Faces. Warren Schloat Productions, Inc. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based
on the book by Barbara Brenner. © Warren Schloat Productions, Inc.;
1May73; MP26059.


MP26060.

Popcorn lady. Warren Schloat Productions, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au: Simeon Hyde, 3rd. © Warren Schloat Productions, Inc.;
1Jun73; MP26060.


MP26061.

Raccoon story: a Menomini Indian folktale. Warren Schloat Productions,
Inc. Made by Coyote Productions. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Warren
Schloat Productions, Inc.; 1Mar74 (in notice: 1973); MP26061.


MP26062.

The Fayette story. Warren Schloat Productions, Inc. 54 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Warren Schloat Productions, Inc.; 1Aug71 (in notice: 1970);
MP26062.


MP26063.

The Pig story. Silver Burdett. Made by Davidson Films, Inc. 6 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mathematics for elementary school students—whole numbers)
Appl. au: General Learning Corporation, employer for hire. © General
Learning Corporation; 24Jun74 (in notice: 1973); MP26063.


MP26064.

Shape up. Silver Burdett. Made by Davidson Films, Inc. 7 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mathematics for elementary school students—whole numbers)
Appl. au: General Learning Corporation, employer for hire. © General
Learning Corporation; 16Apr74 (in notice: 1973); MP26064.


MP26065.

Something’s missing. Silver Burdett. Made by Davidson Films, Inc. 8
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mathematics for elementary school
students—whole numbers) Appl. au: General Learning Corporation, employer
for hire. © General Learning Corporation; 19Jun74 (in notice: 1973);
MP26065.


MP26066.

The Beast of Ragoo Lagoon. Silver Burdett. Made by Davidson Films, Inc.
7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mathematics for elementary school
students—whole numbers) Appl. au: General Learning Corporation, employer
for hire. © General Learning Corporation; 7Mar74 (in notice: 1973);
MP26066.


MP26067.

How big is a million? Silver Burdett. Made by Davidson Films, Inc. 6
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mathematics for elementary school
students—whole numbers) Appl. au: General Learning Corporation, employer
for hire. © General Learning Corporation; 18Mar74 (in notice: 1973);
MP26067.


MP26068.

1975 Valiant and Duster. Chrysler Corporation. 8 mm., sd., color, Super
8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 20Sep74; MP26068.


MP26069.

The Small cars from Chrysler Corporation. Chrysler Corporation. 8 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation;
11Oct74; MP26069.


MP26070.

1975 Fury, 1975 Coronet. Chrysler Corporation. 8 mm., sd., color, Super
8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 11Oct74; MP26070.


MP26071.

Chrysler Cordoba. Chrysler Corporation. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. Chrysler Corporation; 20Sep74; MP26071.


MP26072.

1975 Charger Special Edition. Chrysler Corporation. 8 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 20Sep74;
MP26072.


MP26073.

1975 Coronet. Chrysler Corporation. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 20Sep74; MP26073.


MP26074.

1975 Dodge Monaco. Chrysler Corporation. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 20Sep74; MP26074.


MP26075.

1975 Plymouth Gran Fury. Chrysler Corporation. 8 mm., sd., color, Super
8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 20Sep74; MP26075.


MP26076.

1975 Fury Sport, Fury Salon, Fury Custom, Road Runner. Chrysler
Corporation. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. ©
Chrysler Corporation; 20Sep74; MP26076.


MP26077.

Dodge Dart. Chrysler Corporation. 13 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Add.
ti: 1975 Dart. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 20Sep74;
MP26077.


MP26078.

Legacy of a dream. Richard Kaplan Productions. 29 min., sd., part color,
16 mm. Appl. au: Martin Luther King, Jr. Foundation, Inc. Prev. pub.
25Feb70, MP20745. NM: abridgement & editorial revision. © Martin Luther
King, Jr. Foundation, Inc. (in notice: The Martin Luther King
Foundation); 3Sep74; MP26078.


MP26079.

He was born, he suffered, he died. Stan Brakhage. 8 min., si., color, 16
mm. © Stan Brakhage; 22Oct74; MP26079.


MP26080.

Clancy. Stan Brakhage. 5 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Stan Brakhage;
22Oct74; MP26080.


MP26081.

Placental circulation. American College of Obstetricians and
Gynecologists, Committee on Audiovisual Education. 19 min., sd., color,
16 mm. NM: all new except for 6 cineradiographic studies & 13 X-rays. ©
The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists; 1Aug74;
MP26081.


MP26082.

Escape techniques. Amoco Production Company. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Amoco Production Company; 27Sep74; MP26082.


MP26083.

Meet your chopper. Amoco Production Company. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Add. ti: Max Blunder, meet your chopper. © Amoco Production Company;
10Oct74; MP26083.


MP26084.

The Direction of time. Produced with assistance from the National
Science Foundation by the Science Film Advisory Board & the Film
Production Unit, Iowa State University, 5 min., si., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Iowa State University of Science and Technology. © Iowa State
University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science and Technology;
1Oct74; MP26084.


MP26085.

Breast self-examination: a plan for survival, a lifetime habit. MIC,
Maternity, Infant Care—Family Planning Projects, The City of New York,
Department of Health. Made by William Claiborne, Inc. 9 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Maternity, Infant Care—Family
Planning Project of New York City (in notice: Maternity, Infant
Care—Family Planning Projects, The City of New York, Department of
Health); 11Sep74; MP26085.




                                   MU
                             REGISTRATIONS


MU9017.

Hair model, revised. Alberto Culver Company, 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Alberto Cuvler (sic) Company; 24Jun74; MU9017.


MU9018.

Model, revised. Alberto Culver Company. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 24Jun74; MU9018.


MU9019.

Prime time. Lois Campbell Robb. 23 min., color. (Prime time) © Lois
Campbell Robb; 26Jun74; MU9019.


MU9020.

W. C. Sidenius and the Lumia Theatre. Raymond M. Farrell, Jr. 238 ft. ©
Raymond M. Farrell, Jr.; 24Jun74; MU9020.


MU9021.

Old Reliable, tomorrow’s mining system, today. E. I. DuPont De Nemours
and Company, Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © E. I. DuPont De Nemours
and Company, Inc.; 27Jun74; MU9021.


MU9022.

The Surgical treatment of hypernasality. J. Kenneth Chong. 600 ft. © J.
Kenneth Chong; 18Jun74; MU9022.


MU9023.

Prediction initiative: cerebral cortex and its areas. Teaching Films,
Inc., division of A-V Corporation. 18 min., color, 16 mm. (The
Anatomical basis of brain function) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of
A-V Corporation; 3Jul74; MU9023.


MU9024.

Ahmed, Middleton G. C. Train. 340 ft., color, 8 mm. © Middleton G. C.
Train; 19Jun74; MU9024.


MU9025.

Thicker. Alberto Culver Company. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto
Culver Company; 24May74; MU9025.


MU9026.

Hired help. Alberto Culver Company. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto
Culver Company; 24May74; MU9026.


MU9027.

Come golf with me. Bermuda Department of Tourism. 27 min., color, 16 mm.
© Bermuda Department of Tourism; 2Aug74; MU9027.


MU9028.

Vacant land. Lev Repin. 10 min. © Lev Repin; 5Aug74; MU9028.


MU9029.

At the Chukotski Sea. Lev Repin. 7 min. Add. ti.: At the Chuckchee Sea.
© Lev Repin; 5Aug74; MU9029.

MU903O.

Tundra is a wide road. Lev Repin. 10 min. Add. ti.: The Tundra—a wide
road. © Lev Repin; 5Aug74; MU9030.


MU9031.

Fencing for the blind. Julius Palffy-Alpar. 25 min., color, 16 mm. ©
Julius Palffy-Alpar; 5Aug74; MU9031.


MU9032.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, April 1, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 13Aug74; MU9032.


MU9033.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, April 5, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 13Aug74; MU9033.


MU9034.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, April 25, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 13Aug74; MU9034.


MU9035.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, May 3, 1974. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 13Aug74; MU9035.


MU9036.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, May 17, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 13Aug74; MU9036.


MU9037.

It’s a duffer’s world. John Topol. 5 min. © John Topol; 27Aug74; MU9037.


MU9038.

Birth control: your choice. New York State Coalition for Family
Planning. Made by Primary Medical Communications, Inc. 43 min., color. ©
New York State Coalition for Family Planning; 14Aug74; MU9038.


MU9039.

Revisited. Joyce Borenstein. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Joyce
Borenstein; 11Jul74; MU9039.


MU9040.

Nautilus. Joyce Borenstein. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Joyce
Borenstein & Cindy Knapp; 11Jul74; MU9040.


MU9041.

Lure of the North. Bighorn Productions, Inc. 106 min., sd., 16 mm. ©
Bighorn Productions, Inc.; 20Sep74; MU9041.


MU9042.

It happens in the streets. Robert E. Wall. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Robert E. Wall; 30Sep74; MU9042.


MU9043.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, March 5, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9043.


MU9044.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, March 6, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9044.


MU9045.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, March 7, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9045.


MU9046.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, March 8, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9046.


MU9047.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, March 13, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9047.


MU9048.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, March 14, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9048.


MU9049.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, March 15, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9049.


MU9050.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, March 20, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9050.


MU9051.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 23, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9051.


MU9052.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, March 25, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9052.


MU9053.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, March 29, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9053.


MU9054.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, April 4, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9054.


MU9055.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, April 15, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9055.


MU9056.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 16, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9056.


MU9057.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 17, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9057.


MU9058.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, April 19, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9058.


MU9059.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 23, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9059.


MU9060.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, April 29, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9060.


MU9061.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, May 1, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9061.


MU9062.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 9, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9062.


MU9063.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, May 15, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9063.


MU9064.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, May 22, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; MU9064.


MU9065.

One seeing. Christian Science board of Directors. 15 min., sd., color
and b&w, 16 mm. © Christian Science Board of Directors; 20Sep74; MU9065.


MU9066.

Stand like a man. Katsu Production Company, Ltd. 60 min., sd. Add. ti.:
Stand up like a man. © Katsu Production Company, Ltd.; 9Sep74; MU9066.


MU9067.

Octopus, eggs and young. New York Zoological Society. 27 min., si.,
color, 16 mm. © New York Zoological Society; 19Aug74; MU9067.


MU9068.

Pre-gate, 1973. Gerald Wayne Powell. 435 ft. © Gerald Wayne Powell;
26Sep74; MU9068.


MU9069.

Analysis and synthesis of sensations: parietal and occipital lobes.
Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation. 23 min., color, 16
mm. (The Anatomical basis of brain function) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corporation; 16Sep74; MU9069.


MU9070.

Massage. Gordon Inkeles. 48 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gordon Inkeles;
23Sep74; MU9070.


MU9071.

Primal windsong. Saint Vincent School. 38 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Saint Vincent School; 3Sep74; MU9071.


MU9072.

Space odyssey. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 7Oct74; MU9072.


MU9073.

After the rain. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Add.
ti.: Out of the rain. © Alberto Culver Company; 7Oct74; MU9073.


MU9074.

Girl with a million. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Alberto Culver Company; 7Oct74; MU9074.


MU9075.

Land of ahhhs. Alberto Culver Company. Rev. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Alberto Culver Company; 7Oct74; MU9075.


MU9076.

Big can Veron. Alberto Culver Company. Rev. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Alberto Culver Company: 7Oct74; MU9076.


MU9077.

Ted Zeigler and his folding dome meet Bucky Puller. Christopher G.
Casler. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Christopher G. Casler; 4Oct74:
MU9077.


MU9078.

The Kiliwa: hunters and gatherers of Baja California. Ralph C.
Michelsen. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Ralph C. Michelsen; 27Sep74;
MU9078.


MU9079.

Man’s humanity. Michael B. Hoggan. 8 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Michael
B. Hoggan; 29Oct74; MU9079.


MU9080.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 30, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct74; MU9080.


MU9081.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 2, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Oct74; MU9081.


MU9082.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, May 7, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Oct74; MU9082.


MU9083.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, May 13, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc., 24Oct74; MU9O83.


MU9084.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, May 14, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Oct74; MU9084.


MU9085.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 16, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Oct74; MU9085.


MU9086.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, May 20, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Oct74; MU9086.


MU9087.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, May 24, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Oct74; MU9087.


MU9088.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, May 27, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Oct74; MU9088.


MU9089.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, May 28, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Oct74; MU9089.


MU9090.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, July 8, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 23Oct74; MU9090.


MU9091.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 9, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 23Oct74; MU9091.


MU9092.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, July 10, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 23Oct74; MU9092.


MU9093.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, July 11, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 23Oct74; MU9093.


MU9094.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, April 26, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9094.


MU9095.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 24, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9095.


MU9096.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, April 18, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9096.


MU9097.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, April 12, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9097.


MU9098.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 10, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9098.


MU9099.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, April 8, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9099.


MU9100.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, March 28, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9100.


MU9101.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, March 27, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9101.


MU9102.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, March 26, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9102.


MU9103.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, March 12, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9103.


MU9104.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, March 11, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9104.


MU9105.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, March 4, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min. sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9105.


MU9106.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, June 28, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9106.


MU9107.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, June 18, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9107.


MU9108.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, June 17, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9108.


MU9109.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, June 4, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9109.


MU9110.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, June 3, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9110.


MU9111.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, February 21, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct74; MU9111.


MU9112.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 16, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9112.


MU9113.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 15, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9113.


MU9114.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 12, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9114.


MU9115.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 8, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9115.


MU9116.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, July 22, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9116.


MU9117.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, July 17, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9117.


MU9118.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, July 4, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9118.


MU9119.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, July 3, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9119.


MU9120.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, June 25, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9120.


MU9121.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, June 19, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9121.


MU9122.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, June 14, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9122.


MU9123.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, June 13, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9123.


MU9124.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, June 12, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9124.


MU9125.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, June 11, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9125.


MU9126.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, June 10, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9126.


MU9127.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, June 6, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9127.


MU9128.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, May 29, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MU9128.


MU9129.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, August 14, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct74; MU9129.


MU9130.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 6, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct74; MU9130.


MU9131.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 1, 1974. CBS,
Inc., 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct74; MU9131.


MU9132.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, July 31, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct74; MU9132.


MU9133.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 30, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct74; MU9133.


MU9134.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, July 29, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct74; MU9134.


MU9135.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, July 25, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct74; MU9135.


MU9136.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, July 5, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct74; MU9136.


MU9137.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, June 27, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct74; MU9137.


MU9138.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, June 24, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct74; MU9138.


MU9139.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, June 21, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct74; MU9139.


MU9140.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, June 5, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct74; MU9140.


MU9141.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, May 31, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct74; MU9141.


MU9142.

Fort Ross fire. Marjorie D. Martin. 12 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. ©
Marjorie D. Martin; 25Oct74; MU9142.


MU9143.

We’re not afraid anymore. Parnassus Productions. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Stuart Arden d.b.a. Parnassus Productions; 26Sep74; MU9143.


MU9144.

College days. Gillette Company. 45 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
1Nov74; MU9144.


MU9145.

Drugstore. Gillette Company. 45 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
1Nov74; MU9145.


MU9146.

Enthusiasm. Gillette Company. 45 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
1Nov74; MU9146.


MU9147.

Recommend. Gillette Company. 45 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
1Nov74; MU9147.


MU9148.

How it works. Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
1Nov74; MU9148.


MU9149.

Who done it. Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
1Nov74; MU9149.

MU915O.

Father of the bride. Gillette Company. 45 sec., sd. © The Gillette
Company; 1Nov74; MU915O.


MU9151.

Phantom blade. Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
1Nov74; MU9151.


MU9152.

Backstage. Gillette Company. 60 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
1Nov74; MU9152.


MU9153.

Walking home. Procter and Gamble Company. 60 sec., sd. © Procter and
Gamble Company; 1Nov74; MU9153.


MU9154.

What can Parda Federal Credit Union do for you? Parda Federal Credit
Union. 30 min., sd., videotape. © Parda Federal Credit Union; 8Nov74;
MU9154.


MU9155.

We may never pass this way again. National State Bank of Boulder. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National State Bank of Boulder; 5Nov74;
MU9155.


MU9156.

Fragile, handle with care. Boulevard Communication Group, Inc. 21 min,
sd., color, 16 mm. © General Motors Corporation; 4Nov74; MU9156.


MU9157.

Sawmill. Gregg G. Schiffner. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gregg G.
Schiffner & Linda D. Schiffner; 15Oct74; MU9157.


MU9158.

Habitue. D. J. Romino, 2nd. 16 min., b&w, 16 mm. © D. J. Romino, 2nd;
15Oct74; MU9158.


MU9159.

Ladies can. Revision 2. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16
mm. © Alberto Culver Company 4Nov74; M09159.


MU9160.

Champion. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
12Dec74; MU9160.


MU9161.

Undercover agent. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette
Company; 12Dec74; MU9161.


MU9162.

Quick cuts. The Gillette Company. 60 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
12Dec74; MU9162.


MU9163.

Switch. The Gillette Company. 60 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
12Dec74; MU9163.


MU9164.

Touch your face. The Gillette Company. 45 sec., sd. © The Gillette
Company; 12Dec74; MU9164.


MU9165.

Beards eye view. Fev. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette
Company; 12Dec74; MU9165.


MU9166.

Chores. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
12Dec74; MU9166.


MU9167.

Basic soldering. Philco-Ford Corporation. 30 min., sd., color,
videotape. © Philco-Ford Corporation; 25Nov74; MU9167.


MU9168.

Sacred dances of Tibet. Jon Weinberger. 29 min., sd., videotape. © Jon
Weinberger; 19Dec74; MU9168.


MU9169.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, July 18, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Nov74; MU9169.


MU9170.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, July 19, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Nov74; MU9170.


MU9171.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 23, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 29Nov74; MU9171.


MU9172.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, August 7, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 5Nov74; MU9172.


MU9173.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 9, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 5Nov74; MU9173.


MU9174.

Apples. Paul A. Keleher. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © A.B.T., Inc.;
2Jan75; MU9174.


MU9175.

I’d love to change the world. Jim McFarland, 3rd. 23 min., sd., color.
Super 8 mm. (Night Theatre) © Jim McFarland; 30Dec74; MU9175.


MU9176.

Do we always say what we mean? Alverno College. 16 min., videotape. ©
Alverno College; 12Dec74; MU9176.


MU9177.

Communication without words. Alverno College. 16 min., videotape. ©
Alverno College; 12Dec74; MU9177.




                         RENEWAL REGISTRATIONS


A list of motion pictures for which renewal registrations were made
during the period covered by this issue. Arrangement is by registration
number; as renewal registrations are numbered continuously for all
classes, there will be breaks in the sequence for any given type of
material. Information relating to both the original and the renewal
registration is included in each entry.


R580300.

I’ll be skiing ya. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 13Jun47; L1056.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 27Jun74; R580300.


R580301.

Cheyenne. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 14Jun47; L1058.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 27Jun74; R580301.


R580302.

Night unto night. By Warner Brothers Pictures Corporation. 10 reels. ©
15Jun47; L2285. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 27Jun74; R580302.


R580303.

Hobo Bobo. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. (Merrie Melodies) ©
9Jun47; M2120. © United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 27Jun74;
R580303.


R580304.

Inki at the circus. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. (Merrie Melodies)
© 9Jun47; M2139. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 27Jun74;
R580304.


R580305.

A Day at Hollywood Park. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. (The Sports
parade) © 3Jun47; M2140. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 27Jun74;
R580305.


R580412.

Paramount news. No. 87. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 28Jun47;
M2212. Major News Library (PWH); 11Jul74; R580412.


R580413.

Paramount news. No. 88. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Jul47;
M2213. Major News Library (PWH); 11Jul74; R580413.


R580414.

Paramount news. No. 89. By Paramount Pictures. Inc. 1 reel. © 5Jul47;
M2218. Major News Library (PWH); 11Jul74; R580414.


R580415.

Paramount news. No. 90. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Jul47;
M2219. Major News Library (PWH); 11Jul74; R580415.


R580646.

The Adventuress. By Individual Pictures, Ltd. 12 reels. © 17Mar47;
L1206. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 15Jul74; R580646.


R580998.

They’re off. 1 reel. © 16Jun47; L1423. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
5Jul74; R580998.


R580999.

Drip Dippy Donald. 1 reel. © 5Jun47; L1543. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 5Jul74; R580999.


R581038.

The Hucksters. By Loew’s, Inc. 12 reels. © 26Jun47; L1093.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74; R581038.


R581039.

Give us the earth. By Loew’s, Inc. 2 reels. © 25Jun47; L1094.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74; R581039.


R581040.

Uncle Tom’s cabana. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Jun47; L1098.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74; R581040.


R581041.

Salt water tabby. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Jun47; L1158.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74; R581041.


R581042.

Merton of the movies. By Loew’s, Inc. 5 reels. © 7Jul47; L1103.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Jul74; R581042.


R581194.

Song of love. By Loew’s, Inc. 12 reels. © 12Jul47; L1234.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 18Jul74; R581194.


R581367.

Road to Hollywood. By Mack Sennett. 55 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. NM:
additional photography, compilation & revision. © 15Nov46; L41501.
Raymond Rohauer (PWH); 25Jun74; R581367.


R581550.

Ginger. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 30Nov46; L748.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram Pictures
Corporation (PWH); 17Jul74; R581550.


R581551.

Sweetheart of Sigma Chi. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. ©
2Dec46; L886. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 17Jul74; R581551.


R581656.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 278. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 6Jun47; M2196. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 19Jul74; R581656.


R581657.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 279. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 11Jun47; M2197. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 19Jul74; R581657.


R581658.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 280. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 13Jun47; M2198. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH): 19Jul74; R581658.


R581659.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 277. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 4Jun47; M2205. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 19Jul74; R581659.

R58166O.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 281. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 18Jun47; M2256. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 19Jul74; R581660.


R581661.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 282. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 20Jun47; M2257. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 19Jul74; R581661.


R581662.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 283. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 25Jun47; M2258. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 19Jul74; R581662.


R581663.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 284. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 27Jun47; M2259. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 19Jul74; R581663.


R582318.

Song of the thin man. By Loew’s, Inc. 9 reels. © 22Jul47; L1159.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 29Jul74; R582318.


R582725.

Last frontier uprising. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © L842.
22Jan47; Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582725.


R582726.

The Ghost goes wild. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © L871.
22Jan47; Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582726.


R582727.

Web of danger. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels, © L974. 17Mar47;
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582727.


R582728.

Son of Zorro. Chap. 1–13. By Republic Productions, Inc. 26 reels. ©
L1033. 2Jun47; Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582728.


R582729.

That’s my man. By Republic Productions, Inc. 11 reels. © L1034. 7May47;
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582729.


R582730.

That’s my gal. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © L1064. 7May47;
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582730.


R582731.

Northwest outpost. By Republic Productions, Inc. 10 reels. © L1111.
18Jun47; Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582731.


R582732.

Oregon Trail scouts. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © L1112.
7May47; National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582732.


R582733.

Saddle pals. By Republic Productions, Inc. 8 reels. © L1113. 18Jun47;
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; P582733.


R582734.

Jesse James rides again. By Republic Productions, Inc. 13 reels. ©
L1114. 2Jun47; Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582734.


R582735.

Robin Hood of Texas. By Republic Productions, Inc. 8 reels. © L1137.
15Jul47; Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582735.


R582736.

The Black widow. Chap. 1–5. By Republic Productions, Inc. 10 reels. ©
L1164. 28Jul47; Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582736.


R582737.

Wyoming. By Republic Productions, Inc. 9 reels. © L1165. 15Jul47; Repix,
Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582737.


R582738.

Rustlers of Devil’s Canyon. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels, ©
L1167. 15Jul47; Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582738.


R582739.

The Trespasser. By Republic Productions, Inc. 8 reels. © L1168. 15Jul47;
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582739.


R582740.

Blackmail. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © L1209. 15Jul47;
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582740.


R582741.

Marshall of Cripple Creek. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. ©
L1210. 28Jul47; Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R582741.


R582742.

The Adventures of Don Coyote. By Comet Productions, Inc. 7 reels. ©
L1446. 9May47; National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74;
R582742.


R582866.

Daddy Duck. 1 reel. © L1544. 1Jul47; Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
2Aug74; R582866.


R582867.

Mickey down under. 1 reel. © L1545. 23Jul47; Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 2Aug74; R582867.


R582868.

Donald’s dream voice. 1 reel. © L1719. 23Jul47; Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 2Aug74; R582868.


R582869.

Bone bandit. 1 reel. © L1720. 21Jul47; Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
2Aug74; R582869.


R582958.

The Dark mirror. By Inter-John, Inc. 9 reels. © L632. 3Oct46; National
Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Aug74; R582958.


R582959.

Magnificent doll. By Hallmark Productions, Inc. 11 reels. © L757.
9Dec46; National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Aug74; R582959.


R582961.

Leave us chase it. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © L983. 8May47; Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74; R582961.


R582962.

Nervous shakedown. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © L990.
8May47; Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74; R582962.


R582963.

Mother hubba-hubba Hubbard. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © L1008.
26May47; Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74; R582963.


R582964.

Tooth or consequences. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © L1009. 26May47;
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun74; R582964.


R582965.

Wheels of fate. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Jack Armstrong, chap.
no. 13) 2 reels. © L1018. 1May47; Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 11Jun74; R582965.


R582966.

Gunfighters. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 10 reels. © L1031.
9Jun47; Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74; R582966.


R582967.

Little Miss Broadway. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
L1032. 9Jun47; Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74;
R582967.


R582968.

The Stranger from Ponca City. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels.
© L1036. 10Jun47; Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74;
R582968.


R582969.

The Corpse came C.O.D. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. ©
L1046. 11Jun47; Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74;
R582969.


R582970.

Swing the western way. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
L1050. 16Jun47; Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74;
R582970.


R582971.

Sport of kings. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © L1051.
16Jun47; Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74; R582971.


R582972.

Up n’ atom. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © L1083. 10Jun47; Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74; R582972.


R582973.

Screen snapshots, ser. 26, no. 10. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © M2168. 10Jun47; Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
8Jul74; R582973.


R582974.

Volley oop. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. © M2216. 27Jun47;
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jul74; P582974.


R583044.

The Unfinished dance. By Loew’s, Inc. 10 reels. © L1157. 29Jul47;
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug74; R583044.


R583122.

The Unfaithful. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 11 reels. © L1097.
5Jul47; United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5Aug74; R583122.


R583123.

Possessed. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © L1160. 26Jul47;
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5Aug74; R583123.


R583124.

Sportsman’s playground. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © M2220.
2Jul47; United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5Aug74; R583124.


R583125.

Growing pains. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © M2263. 17Jul47;
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5Aug74; R583125.


R583192.

The Web. By universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10 reels. © L1085. 9Jun97;
Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jul74; R583192.


R583193.

Ivy. By Inter-Wood Productions, Inc. 10 reels. © L1092. 19Jun47;
Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jul74; R583193.


R583194.

Universal newsreel, vol. 20, no. 43. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © M2172. 3Jun47; Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jul74; R583194.


R583195.

Universal newsreel, vol. 20, no. 44. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © M2173. 5Jun47; Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jul74; R583195.


R583196.

Universal newsreel, vol. 20, no. 45. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. M2174. 10Jun47; Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jul74; R583196.


R583197.

Universal newsreel, vol. 20, no. 46. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © M2175. 12Jun47; Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jul74; R583197.


R583198.

Universal newsreel, vol. 20, no. 47. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © M2176. 17Jun47; Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jul74; R583198.


R583199.

Universal newsreel, vol. 20, no. 48. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © M2177. 19Jun47; Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Jul74; R583199.


R583200.

Universal newsreel, vol. 20, no. 49. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © M2178. 24Jun47; Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jul74; R583200.


R583201.

Universal newsreel, vol. 20, no. 50. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © M2179. 26Jun47; Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jul74; R583201.


R583202.

The Overture to William Tell. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. &
Walter Lantz Productions. 1 reel. © M2181. 9Jun47; Universal Pictures
(PWH); 8Jul74; R583202.


R583370.

Desire me. By Loew’s, Inc. 10 reels. © L1211. 5Aug47;
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 12Aug74; R583370.


R583371.

A Mouse in the house. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © L1230. 5Aug47;
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 12Aug74; R583371.


R583409.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 285. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © M2260. 2Jul47; Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 13Aug74; R583409.


R583410.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 286. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © M2261. 4Jul47; Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 13Aug74; R583410.


R583411.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 288. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © M2311. 11Jul47; Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 13Aug74; R583411.


R583412.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 291. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © M2312. 23Jul47; Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 13Aug74; R583412.


R583413.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 292. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © M2313. 25Jul47; Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 13Aug74; R583413.


R583414.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 293. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © M2314. 30Jul47; Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 13Aug74; R583414.


R583415.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 287. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © M2362. 9Jul47; Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 13Aug74; R583415.


R583416.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 289. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © M2363. 16Jul47; Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 13Aug74; R583416.


R583417.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 290. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. M2364. 18Jul47; Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 13Aug74; R583417.


R583549.

Opfergang. By UFA Filmkunst. © 5Dec46; L695. Edward Finney (PWH);
19Aug74; R583549.


R583550.

Der Scheemann. By Fischer-Koesen Film Pr. Add. ti.: The Snowman. ©
5Dec46; L697. Edward Finney (PWH); 19Aug74; R583550.


R583551.

Es lebe die Liebe. By Bavaria Filmkunst. Add. ti.: Long live love. ©
8Dec46; L765. Edward Finney (PWH); 19Aug74 R583551.


R583552.

Grosse Liebe. By UFA Filmkunst. Add. ti.: The Great love. © 8Dec46;
L766. Edward Finney (PWH); 19Aug74; R583552.


R583553.

Frauen sind keine Engel. By Wien Film. Add. ti.: Women are no angels. ©
8Dec46; L767. Edward Finney (PWH); 19Aug74; R583553.


R583554.

Meine Frau Teresa. By Tobis Klangfilm. Add. ti.: My wife Teresa. ©
8Dec46; L768. Edward Finney (PWH); 19Aug74; R583554.


R583555.

Meine Tante, deine Tante. By UFA Filmkunst. Add. ti.: My aunt; your
aunt. © 8Dec46; L769. Edward Finney (PWH); 19Aug74; R583555.


R583556.

Hallo Janine. By UFA Filmkunst. © 8Dec46; L770. Edward Finney (PWH);
19Aug74; R583556.


R583571.

Hoppy’s holiday. By Hopalong Cassidy Productions, Inc. 6 reels. ©
19Jul47; L1104. Grace Bradley Boyd, surviving trustee under the
declaration of trust by William L. Boyd & Grace Bradley Boyd, dated Jan.
6, 1960 (PWH); 23Jul74; R583571.


R583572.

Paramount news, number 91. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
12Jul47; M2228. Major News Library (PWH); 23Jul74; R583572.


R583573.

Paramount news, number 92. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
16Jul47; M2229. Major News Library (PWH); 23Jul74; R583573.


R583574.

Paramount news, number 93. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
19Jul47; M2251. Major News Library (PWH); 23Jul74; R583574.


R583575.

Paramount news, number 94. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
23Jul47; M2252. Major News Library (PWH); 23Jul74; R583575.


R583576.

Paramount news, number 95. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
26Jul47; M2270. Major News Library (PWH); 2Aug74; R583576.


R583577.

Paramount news, number 96. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
30Jul47; M2271. Major News Library (PWH); 2Aug74; R583577.


R583578.

Carnegie Hall. By Federal Films, Inc. 16 reels. © 8Aug47; L1140. Film
Archives Company (PWH); 15Aug74; R583578.


R583579.

Paramount news, number 98. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Aug47;
M2279. Major News Library (PWH); 15Aug74; R583579.


R583580.

Paramount news, number 97. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Aug47;
M2292. Major News Library (PWH); 15Aug74; R58358O.


R583581.

Paramount news, number 99. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Aug47;
M2293. Major News Library (PWH); 15Aug74; R583581.


R583582.

Paramount news, number 100. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
13Aug47; M2294. Major News Library (PWH); 15Aug74; R583582.


R583794.

Boomerang! 9 reels. © 5Mar47; L968. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583794.


R583795.

The Late George Apley. 10 reels. © 20Mar47; L1060. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583795.


R583796.

Carnival in Costa Rica. 11 reels. © 21Mar47; L1061. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583796.


R583797.

Jewels of Brandenburg. 7 reels. © 11Apr47; L1062. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583797.


R583798.

The Homestretch. 10 reels. © 29Apr47; L1100. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583798.


R583799.

Miracle on 34th Street. 10 reels. © 4Jun47; L1101. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583799.


R583800.

Moss Rose. 9 reels. © 8Jun47; L1102. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583800.


R583801.

The Ghost and Mrs. Muir. 11 reels. © 13Jun47; L1107. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583801.


R583802.

Second chance. 7 reels. © 23Jul47; L1262. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583802.


R583803.

I wonder who’s kissing her now. 9,718 feet. © 3Jul47; L1264. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583803.


R583804.

The Crimson key. 8 reels. © 3Jul47; L1391. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583804.


R583805.

Kiss of death. 10 reels. © 13Aug47; L1392. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583805.


R583806.

Thunder in the valley. 11 reels. © 1Jul47; L1815. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583806.


R583807.

Royalty of the range. 1 reel. © 7Mar47; M2094. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583807.


R583808.

Gardens of the sea. 1 reel. © 20Jun47; M2299. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583808.


R583809.

Tanbark champions. 1 reel. © 23May47; M2300. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583809.


R583810.

The Cape of Good Hope. 1 reel. © 4Apr47; M2338. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583810.


R583811.

Fisherman’s nightmare. 1 reel. © 2May47; M2391. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583811.


R583812.

Zululand. 1 reel. © 6Jun47; M2392. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583812.


R583813.

Harvest of the sea. 1 reel. © 4Jul47; M2623. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583813.


R583814.

Wings of the wind. 1 reel. © 18Jul47; M2624. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583814.


R583815.

Gridiron greatness. 1 reel. © 1Aug47; M2627. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583815.


R583816.

Romance of the fjords. 1 reel. © 27Jun47; M2629. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 19Aug74; R583816.


R583818.

News hounds. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 2Jul47; L1153.
Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 12Aug74; R583818.


R583853.

Paramount news, number 101. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
16Aug47; M2309. Major News Library (PWH); 20Aug74; R583853.


R584006.

Bel ami. By Tobis Zeigt. Add. ti.: Good friend. © 5Dec46; L698. Edward
Finney (PWH); 19Aug74; R584006.


R584007.

Die Frau meiner Traume. By UFA Filmkunst. Add. ti.: The Girl of my
dreams. © 8Dec46; L719. Edward Finney (PWH); 19Aug74; R584007.


R584008.

Verwehte Spuren. By Tobis Zeigt.

Add. ti.: Vanished traces. © 8Dec46; L720. Edward Finney (PWH); 19Aug74;
R584008.


R584009.

Immensee. By UFA Filmkunst Zeigt. © 8Dec46; L721. Edward Finney (PWH);
19Aug74; R584009.


R584010.

Stern von Rio. By Tobis Klangfilm. © 8Dec46; L722. Edward Finney (PWH);
19Aug74; R584010.


R584011.

Weisse Traume. By Wien-Film. Add. ti.: The White dream. © 22Dec46; L725.
Edward Finney (PWH); 19Aug74; R584011.


R584014.

Wir machen Musik. By Terra-Filmkunst. Add. ti.: We are making music. ©
22Dec46; L724. Edward Finney (PWH); 19Aug74; R584014.


R584088.

Night club boom. (The March of Time) © 22Mar46; MP25402. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 14Mar74; R584088.


R584089.

Wanted—more homes. (The March of Time) © 19Apr46; MP25403. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 14Mar74; R584089.


R584090.

Tomorrow’s Mexico. (The March of Time) © 17May46; MP25404. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 14Mar74; R584090.


R584091.

Problem drinkers. (The March of Time) © 14Jun46; MP25405. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 14Mar74; R584091.


R584092.

The New France. (The March of Time) © 12Jul46; MP25406. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 14Mar74; R584092.


R584093.

Atomic power. (The March of Time) © 9Aug46; MP25407. Time, Inc. (PWH);
14Mar74; R584093.


R584094.

Is everybody happy? (The March of Time) © 7Sep46; MP25408. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 23Aug74; R584094.


R584095.

World food problem. (The March of Time) © 4Oct46; MP25409. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 23Aug74; R584095.


R584096.

The Soviets’ neighbor—Czechoslovakia. (The March of Time) © 1Nov46;
MP25410. Time, Inc. (PWH); 23Aug74; R584096.


R584097.

The American cop. (The March of Time) © 29Nov46; MP25411. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 23Aug74; R584097.


R584098.

Nobody’s children. (The March of Time) © 27Dec46; MP25412. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 23Aug74; R584098.


R584159.

They won’t believe me. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 5Jun47;
L1144. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 23Aug74; R584159.


R584160.

The Woman on the beach. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 3Jun47;
L1073. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 23Aug74; R584160.


R584161.

Thunder Mountain. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 21May47; L1072.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 23Aug74; R584161.


R584162.

Honeymoon. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 10May47; L1071. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 23Aug74; R584162.


R584163.

Desperate. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 31May47; L1O69. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 23Aug74; R584163.


R584187.

Holiday in South Africa. 1 reel. © 22Aug47; M2633. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 23Aug74; R584187.


R584188.

Mother wore tights. 13 reels. © 20Aug47; L1263. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 23Aug74; R584188.


R584199.

Paramount news, number 102. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
20Aug47; M2310. Major News Library (PWH); 27Aug74; R584199.


R584200.

Paramount news, number 103. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. © 23Aug47;
M2323. Major News Library (PWH); 27Aug74; R584200.


R584559.

Munchhausen. By UFA Filmkunst. © 5Dec46; L696. Edward Finney (PWH);
19Aug74; R584559.


R584625.

Chip an’ Dale. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 7Aug47; L1377. Walt
Disney Productions (PWH); 30Aug74; R584625.


R584626.

Pluto’s purchase. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 7Aug47; L1718.
Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 30Aug74; R584626.


R584640.

Riding the California trail. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels.
Based upon the character created by O. Henry, pseud. © 27Jan47; L813.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram Pictures
Corporation (PWH); 30Aug74; R584640.


R584641.

Raiders of the South. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
18Jan47; L826. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 30Aug74; R584641.


R584642.

Vacation days. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 25Jan47;
L839. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 30Aug74; R584642.


R584732.

Slap happy lion. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 28Aug47; L1233.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 3Sep74; R584732.


R584733.

Glimpses of new Scotland. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 28Aug47; M2370.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 3Sep74; R584733.


R584734.

Football thrills. No. 10. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 28Aug47; M2371.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 3Sep74; R584734.


R584814.

Something in the wind. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10 reels. ©
12Aug47; L1162. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74; R584814.


R584815.

The Vigilantes return. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 8 reels. ©
12Aug47; L1169. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep47; R584815.


R584816.

Singapore. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 9 reels. © 12Aug47;
L1170. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74; R584816.


R584817.

Slave girl. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 9 reels. © 12Aug47;
L1341. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74; R584817.


R584818.

Here’s your answer. By Universal International Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
25Jun47; M2180. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74; R584818.


R584819.

Well oiled. By Walter Lantz Productions & Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 19Jun47; M2217. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74;
R584819.


R584820.

Play and plenty. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 31Jul47;
M2224. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74; R584820.


R584821.

Tropical harmony. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 31Jul47;
M2225. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74; R584821.


R584822.

Brooklyn, U.S.A. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 31Jul47;
M2231. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74; R584822.


R584823.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 51. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
1 reel. © 1Jul47; M2232. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74; R584823.


R584824.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 52. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. © 3Jul47; M2233. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74;
R584824.


R584825.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 53. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. © 8Jul47; M2234. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74;
R584825.


R584826.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 54. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 10Jul47; M2235. Universal Pictures (PWH);
3Sep74; R584826.


R584827.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 55. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. © 15Jul47; M2236. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74;
R584827.


R584828.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 56. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 17Jul47; M2265. Universal Pictures (PWH);
3Sep74; R584828.


R584829.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 57. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. © 22Jul47; M2266. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74;
R584829.


R584830.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 58. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 24Jul47; M2267. Universal Pictures (PWH);
3Sep74; R584830.


R584831.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 59. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 29Jul47; M2268. Universal Pictures (PWH);
3Sep74; R584831.


R584832.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 60. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 31Jul47; M2269. Universal Pictures (PWH);
3Sep74; R584832.


R584833.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 61. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. © 5Aug47; M2326. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74;
R584833.


R584834.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 62. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 7Aug47; M2327. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74;
R584834.


R584835.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 63. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 12Aug47; M2328. Universal Pictures (PWH);
3Sep74; R584835.


R584836.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 64. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 14Aug47; M2329. Universal Pictures (PWH);
3Sep74; R584836.


R584837.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 65. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 19Aug47; M2330. Universal Pictures (PWH);
3Sep74; R584837.


R584838.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 66. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 21Aug47; M2331. Universal Pictures (PWH);
3Sep74; R584838.


R584839.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 67. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 26Aug47; M2332. Universal Pictures (PWH);
3Sep74; R584839.


R584840.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 68. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. © 28Aug47; M2333. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Sep74;
R584840.


R584879.

Lured. By Oakmont Pictures, Inc. 103 min. © 5Sep47; L1292. Film Archives
Company (PWH); 6Sep74; R584879.


R584880.

Paramount news, no. 104. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 27Aug47;
M2324. Major News Library (PWH); 6Sep74; R584880.


R584881.

Paramount news, no. 1. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Aug47;
M2345. Major News Library (PWH); 6Sep74; R584881.


R584882.

Paramount news, no. 2. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 3Sep47;
M2346. Major News Library (PWH); 6Sep74; R584882.


R584968.

The Amazing Mister Nordill. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Sep47; L1212.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6Sep74; R584968.


R584969.

What d’ya know? By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. (What’s your I.Q.?, no. 14) ©
3Sep47; L1231. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6Sep74; R584969.


R584970.

Tennis in rhythm. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 28Aug47; M2372.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6Sep74; R584970.


R585005.

Cry wolf. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 16Aug47; L1161.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5Sep74; R585005.


R585006.

Deep valley. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 29Aug47;
L1181. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5Sep74; R585006.


R585007.

Hollywood wonderland. By Vitaphone Corporation. 2 reels. © 8Aug47;
M2253. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5Sep74; R585007.


R585008.

Glamour town, By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 8Aug47; M2254. United
Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5Sep74; R585008.

R585OO9.

A Pest in the house. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 8Aug47; M2255.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5Sep74; R585009.


R585010.

Branding irons. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 7Aug47; M2282.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5Sep74; R585010.


R585011.

Carnival of sports. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 7Aug47; M2283,
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5Sep74; R585011.


R585012.

The Foxy duckling. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 7Aug47; M2284.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5Sep74; R585012.


R585013.

Land of romance. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 31Aug47; M2347.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5Sep74; R585013.


R585027.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 294. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 1Aug47; M2315. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Sep74; R585027.


R585028.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 295. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 6Aug47; M2316. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Sep74; R585028.


R585029.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 296. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 8Aug47; M2317. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Sep74; R585029.


R585030.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 297. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 13Aug47; M2318. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Sep74; R585030.


R585031.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 298. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 14Aug47; M2319. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Sep74; R585031.


R585032.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 299. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 20Aug47; M2365. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Sep74; R585032.


R585033.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 300. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 22Aug47; M2366. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Sep74; R585033.


R585034.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 301. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 27Aug47; M2367. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Sep74; R585034.


R585035.

News of the day, vol. 18, issue no. 302. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 29Aug47; M2368. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Sep74; R585035.


R585382.

Paramount news, number 4. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 10Sep47;
M2353. Major News Library (PWH); 12Sep74; R585382.


R585383.

Paramount news, no. 3. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Sep47;
M2352. Major News Library (PWH); 12Sep74; R585383.


R585723.

I walk alone. By Hal Wallis Productions, Inc. 10 reels. © 29Jul47;
L1116. Paramount Pictures Corporation (PWH); 12Sep74; R585723.


R585724.

Paramount news. No. 5. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 13Sep47;
M2359. Major News Library (PWH); 19Sep74; R585724.


R585725.

Paramount news. No. 6. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 17Sep47;
M2360. Major News Library (PWH); 19Sep74; R585725.


R585727.

Riders of the Lone Star, By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
17Jul47; L1O87. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 13Sep74;
R585727.


R585728.

Keeper of the bees. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
10Jul47; L1088. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 13Sep74;
R585728.


R585729.

Down to earth. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 12 reels. © 17Jul47;
L1089. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 13Sep74; R585729.


R585730.

Pacific adventure. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 10 reels. ©
12Jul47; L1090. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 13Sep74;
R585730.


R585731.

The Son of Rusty. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 7Aug47;
L1197. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 13Sep74; R585731.


R585732.

The Last of the Redmen. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. ©
15Aug47; L1198. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 13Sep74;
R585732.


R585733.

Smoky River serenade. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
21Aug47; L1200. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 13Sep74;
R585733.


R585734.

Double peril. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (The Vigilante,
chap. no. 3) © 5Jun47; L1268. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
20Sep74; R585734.


R585735.

Desperate flight. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (The
Vigilante, chap. no. 4) © 12Jun47; L1280. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 20Sep74; R585735.


R585736.

In the gorilla’s cage. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (The
Vigilante, chap. no. 5) © 19Jun47; L1286. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 20Sep74; R585736.


R585737.

Battling the unknown. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (The
Vigilante, chap. no. 6) © 26Jun47; L1297. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 20Sep74; R585737.


R585843.

Brute force. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10 reels. From a story
by Robert Patterson. © 25Jun47; L1086. Bank of America National Trust
and Savings Association, Martin Gang & Gladys Glad Hellinger Gottlieb,
Trustees of Trust under Will of Mark J. Hellinger, & Gladys Glad
Hellinger (PWH); 20Sep74; R585843.


R585844.

Six-gun serenade. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 24Feb47;
L895. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 20Sep74; R585844.


R585845.

Valley of fear. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 15Feb47;
L909. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 20Sep74; R585845.


R586033.

Under the Tonto Rim. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 26Jun47;
L1145. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 3Sep74; R586033.


R586034.

Riffraff. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 28Jun47; L1148. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 3Sep74; R586034.


R586035.

Seven keys to baldpate. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 16Jul47;
L1175. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 3Sep74; R586035.


R586036.

The Bachelor and the bobby-soxer. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 95 min. ©
24Jul47; L1178. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 3Sep74; R586036.


R586037.

Crossfire. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 86 min. © 22Jul47; L1194. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 3Sep74; R586037.


R586092.

The End of the river. By Independent Producers, Ltd. 9 reels. © 18Sep47;
L423. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 25Sep74; R586092.


R586093.

Holiday camp. By Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. 8,725 ft. © 23Aug47; L842.
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 25Sep74; R586093.


R586094.

Caravan. By Individual Pictures, Ltd. 8 reels. © 26Jul47; L1666. Rank
Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 25Sep74; R586094.


R586245.

Sioux City Sue. By Republic Productions, Inc. 8 reels. © 11Dec46; L795.
Gene Autry (PWH); 26Sep74; R586245.


R586509.

The Secret life of Walter Mitty. 12 reels. © 4Aug47; L1176. Samuel
Goldwyn Productions (PWH); 30Aug74; R586509.


R586510.

The Secret life of Walter Mitty. 12 reels. © 4Aug47; L1176. Samuel
Goldwyn Productions (PCW); 30Aug74; R586510.


R586853.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 303. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 3Sep47; M2411. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 4Oct74; R586853.


R586854.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 200. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 5Sep47; M2412. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 4Oct74; R586854.


R586855.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 201. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 10Sep47; M2413. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 4Oct74; R586855.


R586856.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 202. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 12Sep47; M2414. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 4Oct74; R586856.


R586857.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 203. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 17Sep47; M2415. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 4Oct74; R586857.


R586858.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 204. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 19Sep47; M2416. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 4Oct74; R586858.


R586859.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 205. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 24Sep47; M2454. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 4Oct74; R586859.


R586860.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 206. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 26Sep47; M2455. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 4Oct74; R58686O.


R586993.

The Invisible mouse. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 24Sep47; L1229.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct74; R586993.


R587017.

Popeye and the pirates. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 12Sep47;
L1226. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct74; R587017.


R587018.

Power behind the nation. By Vitaphone Corporation. 2 reels. © 28Sep47;
L1228. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct74; R587018.


R587019.

Dark passage. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 27Sep47;
L1232. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct74; R587019.


R587020.

The Royal four flusher. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 12Sep47;
L1626. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct74; R587020.


R587021.

Romance and dance. By Vitaphone Corporation. 2 reels. © 3Sep47; M2335.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct74; R587021.


R587022.

Let’s sing a song of the West. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. ©
24Sep47; M2369. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct74; R587022.


R587023.

Trouble with women. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 27Jun47;
L1075. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct74;
R587023.


R587024.

Dear Ruth. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 18Jul47; L1109. Emka,
division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct74; R587024.


R587025.

Wild harvest. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 26Sep47; L1227.
Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct74; R587025.


R587026.

Unconquered. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 15 reels. © 3Oct47; L1539.
Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct74; R587026.


R587027.

Variety girl. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 29Aug47; L1601.
Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct74; R587027.


R587208.

Paramount news, number 9. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 27Sep47;
M2394. Major News Library (PWH); 10Oct74; R587208.


R587209.

Paramount news, number 10. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Oct47;
M2395. Major News Library (PWH); 10Oct74; R587209.


R587210.

Paramount news, number 7. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 20Sep47;
M2397. Major News Library (PWH); 10Oct74; R587210.


R587211.

Paramount news, number 8. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel, © 24Sep47;
M2398. Major News Library (PWH); 10Oct74; R587211.


R587212.

Paramount news, number 11. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Oct47;
M2402. Major News Library (PWH); 10Oct74; R587212.


R587213.

Paramount news, number 12. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 8Oct47;
M2403. Major News Library (PWH); 10Oct74; R587213.


R587216.

Midnight rendezvous. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (The
Vigilante, chap. no. 7) © 3Jul47; L1321. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 15Oct74; R587216.


R587217.

Blasted to eternity. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (The
Vigilante, chap. no. 8) © 10Jul47; L1332. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 15Oct74; R587217.


R587218.

The Fatal flood. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (The
Vigilante, chap. no. 9) © 17Jul47; L1346. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 15Oct74; R587218.


R587219.

Danger ahead. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (The Vigilante,
chap. no. 10) © 24Jul47; L1365. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 15Oct74; R587219.


R587220.

X–1 closes in. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (The
Vigilante, chap. no. 11) © 31Jul47; L1366. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 15Oct74; R587220.


R587221.

Death rides the rails. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (The
Vigilante, chap. no. 12) © 7Aug47; L1387. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 15Oct74; R587221.


R587222.

The Trap that failed. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (The
Vigilante, chap. no. 13) © 15Aug47; L1405. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 15Oct74; R587222.


R587223.

Closing in. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (The Vigilante,
chap. no. 14) © 22Aug47; L1419. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 15Oct74; R587223.


R587224.

The Secret of the skyroom. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels.
(The Vigilante, chap. no. 15) © 29Aug47; L1429. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Oct74; R587224.


R587470.

Report on Greece. (The March of Time, vol. 12, no. 7) © 22Feb46; M25747.
Time, Inc. (PWH); 22Feb74; R587470.


R587707.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 69. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Sep47; M2399. Universal Pictures (PWH);
15Oct74; R587707.


R587708.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 70. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Sep47; M2400. Universal Pictures (PWH);
15Oct74; R587708.


R587709.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 71. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Sep47; M2428. Universal Pictures (PWH);
15Oct74; R587709.


R587710.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 72. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 11Sep47; M2429. Universal Pictures (PWH);
15Oct74; R587710.


R587711.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 73. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 16Sep47; M2430. Universal Pictures (PWH);
15Oct74; R587711.


R587712.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 74. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Sep47; M2431. Universal Pictures (PWH);
15Oct74; R587712.


R587713.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 75. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 23Sep47; M2432. Universal Pictures (PWH);
15Oct74; R587713.


R587714.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 76. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Sep47; M2433. Universal Pictures (PWH);
15Oct74; R587714.


R587715.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 77. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Sep47; M2469. Universal Pictures (PWH);
15Oct74; R587715.


R587716.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 78. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Sep47; M2470. Universal Pictures (PWH);
15Oct74; R587716.


R587974.

Shoe-shine. By Alfa Cinematograsica. 12 reels. Add. ti.: Sciuscia. ©
15Dec46; L1735. Lardos Anstalt (PWH); 17Oct74; R587974.


R587990.

Paramount news, number 13. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
11Oct47; M2439. Major News Library (PWH); 21Oct74; R587990.


R587991.

Paramount news, number 14. By Paramount Pictures. Inc. 1 reel. ©
15Oct47; M2440. Major News Library (PWH); 21Oct74; R587991.


R588088.

This time for keeps. By Loew’s, Inc. 7 reels. © 3Oct47; L1271.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 21Oct74; R588088.


R588089.

Have you ever wondered? By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 16Oct47; M2526.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 21Oct74; R588089.


R588090.

Surfboard rhythm. By Loew’s, Inc. 752 feet. © 8Oct47; M2418.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Oct74; R588090.


R588303.

Paramount news, number 15. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
18Oct47; M2443. Major News Library (PWH); 23Oct74; R588303.


R588304.

Paramount news, number 16. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
22Oct47; M2444. Major News Library (PWH); 23Oct74; R588304.


R588392.

Killer McCoy. By Loew’s, Inc. 103 min. © 23Oct47; L1284.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 29Oct74; R588392.


R588501.

Trailing danger. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 29Mar47;
L908. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 23Oct74; R588501.


R588502.

Fall guy. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 15Mar47; L943.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram Pictures
Corporation (PWH); 23Oct74; R588502.


R588503.

It happened on Fifth Avenue. 12 reels. © 25Mar47; L949. Allied Artists
Productions, Inc. (PWH); 23Oct74; R588503.


R588504.

Land of the lawless. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
27Mar47; L981. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 23Oct74; R588504.


R588505.

High conquest. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. © 2Mar47;
L1154. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 23Oct74; R5885O5.


R588538.

Trail to San Antone. By Republic Productions, Inc. 8 reels. © 22Jan47;
L841. Gene Autry (PWH); 25Oct74; R588538.


R588539.

Twilight on the Rio Grande. By Republic Productions, Inc. 8 reels. ©
17Mar47; L975. Gene Autry (PWH); 25Oct74; R588539.


R589192.

Pluto’s blue note. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 4Sep47; L1376.
Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7Oct74; R589192.


R589193.

The Trial of Donald Duck. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 11Sep47;
L1971. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7Oct74; R589193.


R589194.

Inferior decorator. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 24Sep47;
L1975. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7Oct74; R589194.


R589329.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 208. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 2Oct47; M2456. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 4Nov74; R589329.


R589330.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 207. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 1Oct47; M2457. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 4Nov74; R589330.


R589331.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 213. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 22Oct47; M2604. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 4Nov74; R589331.


R589332.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 214. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 24Oct47; M26O5. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 4Nov74; R589332.


R589333.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 215. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 29Oct47; M2606. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 4Nov74; R589333.


R589334.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 216. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 31Oct47; M2607. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 4Nov74; R589334.


R589335.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 211. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 15Oct47; M2718. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 4Nov74; R589335.


R589336.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 212. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 17Oct47; M2719. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 4Nov74; R589336.


R589337.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 209. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 6Oct47; M2720. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 4Nov74; R589337.


R589338.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 210. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 8Oct47; M2721. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 4Nov74; R589338.


R589339.

The Last round-up. By Gene Autry Productions. 8 reels. © 28Oct47; L1258.
Gene Autry (PWH); 4Nov74; R589339.


R589461.

The Tender years. By Alson Productions, Inc. 9 reels. © 24Oct47; L2306.
Alan Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 1Nov74; R589461.


R589462.

Paramount news, number 18. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
29Oct47; M2452. Major News Library (PWH); 1Nov74; R589462.


R589463.

Paramount news, number 17. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
25Oct47; M2451. Major News Library (PWH); 1Nov74; R589463.


R589513.

Soup’s on. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 29Oct47; L1972. Walt
Disney Productions (PWH); 4Nov74; R589513.


R589514.

Cat nap Pluto. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 13Oct47; L1974.
Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 4Nov74; R589514.


R589600.

Visiting Virginia. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 29Oct47; M2450.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Nov74; R589600.


R589668.

Children of Paradise. 16 reels. Add. ti.: Les Enfants du Paradis. ©
15Nov46; L701. Societe Nouvelle Pathe Cinema (PWH); 5Nov74; R589668.


R590126.

Green for danger. By Individual Pictures, Ltd. 10 reels. © 4Oct47;
L1281. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 8Nov74; R590126.


R590127.

Fame is the spur. By Two Cities Films, Ltd. 13 reels. © 3Nov47; LF154.
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 8Nov74; R590127.


R590128.

October man. By Two Cities Films, Ltd. 10 reels. © 6Oct47; LF158. Rank
Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 8Nov74; R590128.


R590468.

Paramount news, number 24. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel © 19Nov47;
M2533. Major News Library (PWH); 21Nov74; R590468.


R590680.

Paramount news, number 19. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Nov47;
M2481. Major News Library (PWH); 15Nov74; R590680.


R590681.

Paramount news, number 20. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 5Nov47;
M2482. Major News Library (PWH); 13Nov74; R590681.


R590682.

Paramount news, number 21. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel © 8Nov47;
M2484. Major News Library (PWH); 13Nov74; R590682.


R590683.

Paramount news, number 22. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
12Nov47; M2485. Major News Library (PWH); 13Nov74; R590683.


R590795.

Wotta knight. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 24Oct47; L1260.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov74; R590795.


R590796.

The Unsuspected. By Michael Curtiz Productions, Inc. 11 reels. ©
11Oct47; L1270. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov74; R590796.


R590797.

The Voice of the turtle. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. ©
6Oct47; L1477. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov74; R590797.


R590798.

House hunting mice. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 7Oct47; M2374.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov74; R590798.


R590799.

Little orphan airedale. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 6Oct47;
M2417. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov74; R590799.


R590800.

Fishing the Florida Keys. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 20Oct47;
M2424. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov74; R590800.


R590801.

Tennis town. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 13Oct47; M2425. United
Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov74; R590801.


R590802.

Big time revue. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 15Oct47; M2426.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov74; R590802.


R590803.

Rubber River. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 9Oct47; M2427. United
Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov74; R590803.


R590887.

Stork bites man. By Comet Productions, Inc. 8 reels. © 1Aug47; L1208.
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 18Nov74; R590887.


R590888.

The Black widow. Chap. no. 6–13. By Republic Productions, Inc. 16 reels.
© 2Sep47; L1217. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 18Nov74; R590888.


R590889.

Driftwood. By Republic Productions, Inc. 10 reels. © 17Sep47; L1218.
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 18Nov74; R590889.


R590890.

Along the Oregon Trail. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 2Sep47;
L1219. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 18Nov74; R590890.


R590891.

Exposed. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 17Sep47; L1252. Repix,
Inc. (PWH); 18Nov74; R590891.


R590892.

It’s a grand old nag. By Republic Productions, Inc. 1 reel. © 13Nov47;
L1293. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 18Nov74; R590892.


R590893.

The Fabulous Texan. By Republic Productions, Inc. 10 reels. © 12Nov47;
L1294. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 18Nov74; R590893.


R590894.

G-Men never forget. No. 1–6. By Republic Productions, Inc. © 13Nov47;
L1295. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 18Nov74; R590894.


R590895.

The Flame. By Republic Productions, Inc. 10 reels. © 13Nov47; L1326.
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 18Nov74; R590895.


R590896.

The Wild frontier. By Republic Productions, Inc. © 13Nov47; L1327.
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 18Nov74; R590896.


R590897.

Under Colorado skies. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 14Nov47;
L1385. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 18Nov74; R590897.


R590967.

Green Dolphin Street. By Loew’s, Inc. 8 reels. © 22Oct47; L1283.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 18Nov74; R590967.


R590970.

Ride the pink horse. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 11 reels. ©
31Oct47; L1338. Universal Pictures (PWH); 18Nov74; R590970.


R590971.

Wistful widow of Wagon Gap. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. & CS
Company. 8 reels. © 31Oct47; L1919. Universal Pictures (PWH); 18Nov74;
R590971.


R590972.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 79. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 3Oct47; M2471. Universal Pictures (PWH);
18Nov74; R590972.


R590973.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 80. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 7Oct47; M2472. Universal Pictures (PWH);
18Nov74; R590973.


R590974.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 81. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Oct47; M2473. Universal Pictures (PWH);
18Nov74; R590974.


R590975.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 82. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 14Oct47; M2474. Universal Pictures (PWH);
18Nov74; R590975.


R590976.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 83. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 16Oct47; M2475. Universal Pictures (PWH);
18Nov74; R590976.


R590977.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 84. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 21Oct47; M2476. Universal Pictures (PWH);
18Nov74; R590977.


R590978.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 85. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 24Oct47; M2477. Universal Pictures (PWH);
18Nov74; R590978.


R590979.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 86. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 28Oct47; M2478. Universal Pictures (PWH);
18Nov74; R590979.


R590980.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 87. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Oct47; M2479. Universal Pictures (PWH);
18Nov74; R590980.


R591171.

Paramount news, number 23. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
15Nov47; M2532. Major News Library (PWH); 19Nov74; R591171.


R591328.

Violence. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 1Apr47; L940.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram Pictures
Corporation (PWH); 22Nov74; R591328.


R591417.

When a girl’s beautiful. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
23Sep47; L1199. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 25Nov74;
R591417.


R591418.

Swiss tease. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 11Sep47; L1201. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 25Nov74; 5591418.


R591419.

Bulldog Drummond strikes back. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7
reels. © 4Sep47; L1202. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
25Nov74; R591419.


R591420.

Her husband’s affairs. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. ©
29Sep47; L1213. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 25Nov74;
R591420.


R591421.

Key witness. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 67 min. © 9Oct47; L1239.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 25Nov74; R591421.


R591422.

Captain Silver sails again. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea
Hound, chap. 1) 3 reels. © 4Sep47; L1241. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 25Nov74; R591422.


R591423.

Spanish gold. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea Hound, chap. 2)
2 reels. © 11Sep47; L1247. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
25Nov74; R591423.


R591424.

Buckaroo from Powder River. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
14Oct47; L1248. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 25Nov74;
R591424.


R591425.

Sweet Genevieve. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 21Oct47;
L1249. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 25Nov74; R591425.


R591426.

Two blondes and a redhead. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
21Oct47; L1253. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 25Nov74;
R591426.


R591427.

The Lone Wolf in London. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
21Oct47; L1259. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 25Nov74;
R591427.


R591428.

The Mystery of the map. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea
Hound, chap. 3) 2 reels. © 18Sep47; L1267. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 25Nov74; R591428.


R591429.

Menaced by Ryaks. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea Hound,
chap. 4) 2 reels. © 25Sep47; L1272. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 25Nov74; R591429.


R591430.

Captain Silver’s strategy. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea
Hound, chap. 5) 2 reels. © 2Oct47; L1278. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 25Nov74; R591430.


R591431.

The Sea Hound at bay. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea Hound,
chap. 6) 2 reels. © 9Oct47; L1300. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 25Nov74; R591431.


R591432.

Rand’s treachery. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea Hound,
chap. 7) 2 reels. © 16Oct47; L1310. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 25Nov74; R591432.


R591433.

In the admiral’s lair. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea Hound,
chap. 8) 2 reels. © 23Oct47; L1320. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 25Nov74; R591433.


R591434.

On the water wheel. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea Hound,
chap. 9) 2 reels. © 30Oct47; L1340. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 25Nov74; R591434.


R591484.

King-size canary. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 19Nov47; L1337.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 25Nov74; R591484.


R591488.

Mighty Mouse in A Date for dinner. By Terry-Toons, Inc. 1 reel. ©
29Aug47; L1261. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 22Nov74; R591488.


R591489.

Mighty Mouse in A Fight to the finish. By Terry-Toons, Inc. 1 reel. ©
14Nov47; L1447. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 22Nov74; R591489.


R591490.

Heckle and Jeckle, the talking magpies, in The Super salesman. By
Terry-Toons, Inc. 1 reel. © 24Oct47; L1448. Viacom International, Inc.
(PWH); 22Nov74; R591490.


R591491.

The Talking magpies in Flying south. By Terry-Toons, Inc. 1 reel. ©
15Aug47; L1449. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 22Nov74; R591491.


R591492.

Heckle and Jeckle, the talking magpies, in Fishing by the sea. By
Terry-Toons, Inc. 1 reel. © 19Sep47; L1450. Viacom International, Inc.
(PWH); 22Nov74; R591492.


R591493.

Mighty Mouse in The First snow. By Terry-Toons, Inc. 1 reel. © 10Oct47;
L1459. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 22Nov74; R591493.


R591494.

One note Tony. By Terry-Toons, Inc. 1 reel. © 22Oct47; L1628. Viacom
International, Inc. (PWH); 22Nov74; R591494.


R591573.

Bowery buckaroos. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 22Nov47;
L1285. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 25Nov74; R591573.


R591703.

Cass Timberlane. By Loew’s, Inc. 119 min. © 19Nov47; L1314.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 29Nov74; R591703.


R591704.

Summer holiday. By Loew’s, Inc. 93 min. © 26Nov47; L1345.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 29Nov74; R591704.


R591746.

Pirates of Monterey. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 8 reels. ©
17Nov47; LP420. Universal Pictures (PWH); 29Nov74; R591746.


R591747.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 88. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Nov47; M2480. Universal Pictures (PWH);
29Nov74; R591747.


R591748.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 89. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Nov47; M2528. Universal Pictures (PWH);
29Nov74; R591748.


R591749.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 90. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 11Nov47; M2529. Universal Pictures (PWH);
29Nov74; R591749.


R591750.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 91. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 13Nov47; M2530. Universal Pictures (PWH);
29Nov74; R591750.


R591751.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 92. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Nov47; M2531. Universal Pictures (PWH);
29Nov74; R591751.


R591752.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 93. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 20Nov47; M2660. Universal Pictures (PWH);
29Nov74; R591752.


R591753.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 94. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Nov47; M2661. Universal Pictures (PWH);
29Nov74; R591753.


R591754.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 95. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 27Nov47; M2662. Universal Pictures (PWH);
29Nov74; R591754.


R591818.

Paramount news, number 25. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
22Nov47; M2546. Major News Library (PWH); 26Nov74; R591818.


R591845.

Beauty and the beast. By Andre Paulve. Add. ti: La Belle et la bete. 10
reels. © 1Dec46; L1722. Janus Films, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov74; R591845.


R591937.

Chiquita Banana’s reception. By John Sutherland Productions, Inc. 3 min.
© 9Aug47; M3749. United Brands Company (PWH); 29Nov74; R591937.


R592080.

Chiquita Banana convinces the cannibal. By John Sutherland Productions,
Inc. 3 min. © 2Oct47; M3745. United Brands Company (PWH); 5Dec74;
P592080.


R592081.

Chiquita Banana’s school for brides. By John Sutherland Productions,
Inc. 3 min. © 2Oct47; M3746. United Brands Company (PWH); 5Dec74;
R592081.


R592082.

Chiquita Banana on the air. By John Sutherland Productions, Inc. 3 min.
© 2Oct47; M3747. United Brands Company (PWH); 5Dec74; R592082.


R592083.

Chiquita Banana makes a better breakfast. By John Sutherland
Productions, Inc. 3 min. © 2Oct47; M3748. United Brands Company (PWH);
5Dec74; 8592083.


R592084.

Chiquita Banana on television. By John Sutherland Productions, Inc. 3
min. © 9Aug47; M3750. United Brands Company (PWH); 5Dec74; R592084.


R592085.

Chiquita Banana helps the pie man. By John Sutherland Productions, Inc.
3 min. © 27Oct47; M3751. United Brands Company (PWH); 5Dec74; R592085.


R592086.

Chiquita Banana’s fan. By John Sutherland Productions, Inc. 3 min. ©
27Oct47; M3752. United Brands Company (PWH); 5Dec74; R592086.


R592087.

Chiquita Banana’s star attraction. By John Sutherland Productions, Inc.
3 min. © 27Oct47; M3753. United Brands Company (PWH); 5Dec74; R592087.


R592088.

Chiquita Banana goes north. By John Sutherland Productions, Inc. 3 min.
© 27Oct47; M3755. United Brands Company (PWH); 5Dec74; R592088.


R592179.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 217. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 5Nov47; M2608. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Dec74; R592179.


R592180.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 218. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 7Nov47; M2609. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Dec74; R592180.


R592181.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 219. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 12Nov47; M2610. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Dec74; R592181.


R592182.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 220. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 14Nov47; M2611. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Dec74; R592182.


R592183.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 221. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 19Nov47; M2612. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Dec74; R592183.


R592184.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 222. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 21Nov47; M2613. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Dec74; R592184.


R592185.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 223. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 26Nov47; M2614. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Dec74; R592185.


R592186.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 224. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 28Nov47; M2615. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Dec74; R592186.


R592268.

G Men never forget. Chap. no. 7–12. By Republic Productions, Inc. 2
reels each. © 21Nov47; L1384. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 23Dec74; R592268.


R592644.

Paramount news, number 26. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
26Nov47; M2547. Major News Library (PWH); 6Dec74; R592644.


R592645.

Paramount news, number 27. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
29Nov47; M2576. Major News Library (PWH); 6Dec74; R592645.


R592646.

Paramount news, number 28. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 3Dec47;
M2577. Major News Library (PWH); 6Dec74; R592646.


R592812.

That Hagen girl. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 1Nov47;
L1282. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec74; R592812.


R592813.

Escape me never. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 22Nov47;
L1305. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec74; R592813.


R592814.

Safari so good. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 7Nov47; L1329.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec74; R592814.


R592815.

Mexican joy ride. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 30Nov47; M2538.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec74; R592815.


R592816.

A Horse fly fleas. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 30Nov47; M2549.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec74; R592816.


R592817.

Doggone cats. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 30Nov47; M3016.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec74; R592817.


R592891.

Paramount news, number 29. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Dec47;
M2579. Major News Library (PWH); 12Dec74; R592891.


R592892.

Paramount news, number 30. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
10Dec47; M2580. Major News Library (PWH); 12Dec74; R592892.


R592965.

Good news. By Loew’s, Inc. 93 min. © 5Dec47; L1397. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc. (PWH); 6Dec74; R592965.


R592966.

Cradle of a nation. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Dec47; M2527.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec74; R592966.


R593022.

Where there’s life. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 21Nov47;
L1313. Emka Division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 9Dec74;
R593022.


R593023.

Golden earrings. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 31Oct47; L1333.
Emka Division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 9Dec74; R593023.


R593268.

Take my life. By Independent Producers, Ltd. 8 reels. © 3Dec47; L1527.
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 18Dec74; R593268.


R593269.

I know where I’m going. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 11 reels. ©
11Dec47; L1675. Rank Film Distributors. Ltd. (PWH); 18Dec74; R593269.


R593270.

Bush Christmas. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 8 reels, © 11Dec47;
L1922. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 18Dec74; R593270.


R593271.

This happy breed. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 12 reels. ©
11Dec47; L1962. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 18Dec74; R593271.


R593272.

Tawny Pipit. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 9 reels, 11Dec47;
L1979. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 18Dec74; R593272.


R593273.

Captain Boycott. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 11 reels. 11Dec47;
L2063. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 18Dec74; R593273.


R593274.

My brother’s keeper. By Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. 8 reels. © 3Dec47;
L2537. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 18Dec74; R593274.


R593275.

Uncle Silas. By Two Cities Films, Ltd. © 10Nov47; LP144. Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 18Dec74; R593275.


R593433.

Paramount news, number 31. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
13Dec47; M2593. Major News Library (PWH); 17Dec74; R593433.


R593681.

Blondie in the dough. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
29Sep47; L1214. King Features Syndicate, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 16Dec74; R593681.


R593725.

Forever Amber. 15 reels. © 22Oct47; L1390. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593725.


R593726.

Nightmare alley. 12 reels. © 18Oct47; L1399. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593726.


R593727.

The Invisible wall. 8 reels. © 15Oct47; L1401. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593727.


R593728.

The Foxes of Harrow. 12 reels. © 1Oct47; L1437. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593728.


R593729.

Daisy Kenyon. 10 reels. © 27Nov47; L1775. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593729.

R59373O.

Gentleman’s agreement. 12 reels. © 11Nov47; L1777. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593730.


R593731.

The 3 R’s go modern. 1 reel. © 7Nov47; M2621. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593731.


R593732.

Vacation magic. (Movietone sports review) 1 reel. © 26Sep47; M2622.
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593732.


R593733.

Horizons of tomorrow. 1 reel. © 12Sep47; M2628. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593733.


R593734.

Album of animals. (Lew Lehr’s dribble-puss parade) 8 min. © 21Nov47;
M2697. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593734.


R593735.

Draftsmen of dreams. 2 reels. © 12Nov47; M2781. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593735.


R593736.

Caravans of trade. 2 reels. © 12Nov47; M2782. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593736.


R593737.

Light and power. 2 reels. © 12Nov47; M2783. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593737.


R593738.

Lobstertown. 2 reels. © 12Nov47; M2784. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593738.


R593739.

Conservation road. 2 reels. © 12Nov47; M2801. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593739.


R593740.

Communications. 2 reels. © 12Nov47; M2802. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593740.


R593741.

The Big harvest. 2 reels. © 12Nov47; M2803. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593741.


R593742.

Free horizons. 2 reels. © 12Nov47; M2804. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593742.


R593743.

Alaska. 2 reels. © 12Nov47; M2808. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593743.


R593744.

Copenhagen pageantry. (Movietone adventures) 1 reel. © 6Dec47; M2982.
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593744.


R593745.

Aqua capers. (Movietone’s sports review) 1 reel. © 22Nov47; M2998.
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593745.


R593746.

Home of the Danes. (Ed Thorgersen’s Movietone adventures) 1 reel. ©
17Oct47; M3010. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74;
R593746.


R593747.

Jungle closeups. (Movietone adventures) 1 reel. © 12Dec47; M3011.
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593747.


R593748.

City weekend. 1 reel. © 12Nov47; M3153. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593748.


R593749.

Vacations (two weeks a year) 1 reel. © 12Nov47; M3154. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593749.


R593750.

Men and machines. 1 reel. © 12Nov47; M3155. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 19Dec74; R593750.


R593901.

Last days of Boot Hill. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
20Nov47; L1298. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 23Dec74;
R593901.


R593902.

It had to be you. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 10 reels. © 25Nov47;
L1299. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 23Dec74; R593902.


R593903.

The Crime doctor’s gamble. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
19Nov47; L1302. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 23Dec74;
R593903.


R593904.

Six-gun law. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 26Nov47;
L1316. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 23Dec74; R593904.


R593905.

Kitty caddy. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Nov47; L1317. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 23Dec74; R593905.


R593906.

On the treasure trail. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea Hound,
chap. 10) 2 reels. © 6Nov47; L1349. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 23Dec74; P593906.


R593907.

Sea Hound attacked. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea Hound,
chap. 11) 2 reels. © 13Nov47; L1367. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 23Dec74; R593907.


R593908.

Dangerous waters. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea Hound,
chap. 12) 2 reels. © 20Nov47; L1368. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 23Dec74; R593908.


R593909.

The Panther’s prey. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea Hound,
chap. 13) 2 reels. © 27Nov47; L1386. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 23Dec74; R593909.


R594065.

The Law comes to Gunsight. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
22May47; L1044. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 26Dec74; R594065.


R594066.

Sarge goes to college. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
23May47; L1082. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 26Dec74; R594066.


R594147.

Paramount news, number 32. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
17Dec47; M2594. Major News Library (PWH); 26Dec74; R594147.


R594148.

Paramount news, number 33. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
20Dec47; M2648. Major News Library (PWH); 26Dec74; R594148.


R594149.

Paramount news, number 34. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
24Dec47; M2649. Major News Library (PWH); 26Dec74; R594149.


R594212.

Tenth Avenue angel. By Loew’s, Inc. 74 min. © 23Dec47; L1395.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Dec74; R594212.


R594213.

If winter comes. By Loew’s, Inc. 97 min. © 23Dec47; L1398.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Dec74; R594213.


R594214.

Bowling tricks. By Loew’s, Inc. 10 min. © 23Dec47; M2603.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Dec74; R594214.


           ٭ U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1975 O-588-418

These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
information about any additional records that may exist.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

   Copyright           Changed From                  Changed To
 Registration
    or Page
    Number

 MP25712       Clever Hikcichi              Clever Hikoichi

 MP25719       Southern California          Southern California
                 California Permanente        Permanente Medical Group
                 Medical Group

 MP26079       Stan Brakhage                Stan Brakhage

 R567077       Terry Toons                  Terry-Toons




                          TRANSCRIBER’S NOTES


 1. Corrected spelling, accents, grammar, hyphenation, and punctuation
      of names according to the following guidelines.
        ○ The names of movies in the main Motion Pictures list
          determined usage unless all the Index entries indicate
          otherwise. See change list.
        ○ The names of individuals and companies featured in the Index
          listing determined usage unless all of the Motion Pictures
          entries indicated otherwise. See change list.

 2. Silently corrected simple spelling, grammar, and typographical
      errors of other than names of movies, persons, and companies as
      mentioned previously.
 3. Otherwise retained anachronistic and non-standard spellings as
      printed.
 4. Enclosed italics font in _underscores_.
